=== Dokument 0===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Standard Oil BP North America plan form venture manage money 
market borrowing investment activities companies BP North 
America subsidiary British Petroleum Plc owns pct Standard 
Oil venture called BP Standard Financial Trading operated 
Standard Oil oversight joint management committee

=== Dokument 1===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Texas Commerce Bancshares Texas Commerce Bank Houston filed 
application Comptroller Currency effort create largest 
banking network Harris County bank network link banks 
billion dlrs assets billion dlrs deposits

=== Dokument 2===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Agriculture Department reported farmer owned reserve 
national day average price February Dlrs Bu Sorghum Cwt Natl 
Loan Release Avge Rate Level Price Price Wheat IV VI Corn IV 
Rates Natl Loan Release Avge Rate Level Price Price Oats 
Barley IV Sorghum IV Reserves II III matured Level IV 
reflects grain entered Oct feedgrain July wheat Level wheat 
barley corn sorghum Level VI covers wheat entered January 
rates dlrs CWT lbs

=== Dokument 3===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Red Lion Inns Limited Partnership filed registration 
statement Securities Exchange Commission covering proposed 
offering units limited partnership interests company expects 
offering priced dlrs unit proceeds offering mln dlr mortgage 
loan finance planned acquisition Red Lion hotels

=== Dokument 4===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Moody Investors Service lowered debt preferred stock ratings 
USX Corp units billion dlrs securities Moody Marathon Oil 
establishment billion dlrs production payment facilities 
prolific Yates Field negative implications USX unsecured 
creditors company appears positioned steel segment return 
profit late Moody Ratings lowered include USX senior debt BA 
BAA

=== Dokument 5===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Champion Products board directors approved stock split 
common shares shareholders record April company board voted 
recommend shareholders annual meeting April increase 
authorized capital stock mln mln shares

=== Dokument 6===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Terminal Systems completed sale shares common stock warrants 
acquire additional mln shares Lugano Switzerland dlrs 
company warrants exercisable years purchase price dlrs share 
Terminal Sedio buy additional shares increase total holdings 
pct Terminal outstanding common stock circumstances 
involving change control company company conditions occur 
warrants exercisable price equal pct common stock market 
price time exceed dlrs share Terminal sold technolgy rights 
Dot Matrix impact technology including future improvements 
Houston dlrs continue exclusive worldwide licensee 
technology Woodco company moves reorganization plan pay 
current operation costs ensure product delivery Terminal 
generated labels forms tags ticket printers terminals

=== Dokument 7===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts dlrs Net Assets mln mln Deposits mln mln Loans mln 
mln Note qtr Year includes extraordinary gain tax carry dlrs 
cts shr

=== Dokument 8===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Ohio Mattress quarter February profits mln dlrs cts share 
earned quarter fiscal company decline expenses acquisitions 
middle current quarter licensees Sealy pct outstanding 
capital stock Sealy acquisitions quarter sales higher year 
mln dlrs Noting typically reports quarter late march report 
issued early April year delay administrative considerations 
including conducting appraisals connection acquisitions

=== Dokument 9===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Oper shr loss cts profit cts Oper shr profit profit Revs mln 
mln Avg shrs mln mln mths Oper shr profit nil profit cts 
Oper net profit profit Revs mln mln Avg shrs mln mln NOTE 
shr calculated payment preferred dividends exclude credits 
cts cts qtr mths cts cts prior periods operating loss 
carryforwards

=== Dokument 10===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr dlr cts Net mln mln Revs mln mln mths Shr dlrs dlrs Net 
mln mln Revs billion mln

=== Dokument 11===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
National Intergroup plans file registration statement 
securities exchange commission offering cumulative 
convertible preferred partnership units Permian Partners 
Permian Partners formed National Intergroup continue 
business Permian Corp acquired company company Permian 
continue manage business general partner retaining pct stake 
partnership form common general partnership units units 
offered price

=== Dokument 12===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
National Health Enhancement Systems offering health 
evaluation fitness assessment programs company program 
called Health Test days Customers program receive generated 
report recommendations implementing program improve physical 
condition

=== Dokument 13===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Dean Foods expects earnings fourth quarter exceed year 
period Chairman Kenneth Douglas told analysts fiscal fourth 
quarter food processor reported earnings cts share Douglas 
year sales exceed billion dlrs billion dlrs prior year 
repeated earlier projection quarter earnings year cts share 
falling range cts cts share Douglas early project 
anticipated fourth quarter performance exceed prior year 
earnings dlrs share Douglas Dean experience pct improvement 
effects tax reform President Howard Dean fiscal company 
derive benefits dairy frozen vegetable acquisitions Ryan 
Milk Larsen Dean company benefit acquisition late December 
Elgin Blenders West Chicago company major shareholder Foods 
United Kingdom blender licensing arrangements Australia 
Canada Brazil Japan ann entry McDonalds Corp years Douglas 
told analysts

=== Dokument 14===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Legislation require disclosure credit card fees rates cards 
issued introduced Senate House Chris Dodd Conn banks 
financial institutions disclose terms cards promotional 
material prospective customers requiring card issuers 
disclose terms conditions cards time solicitation 
legislation intended arm consumers shop deal Dodd statement

=== Dokument 15===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Hughes Conserdyne Corp unit Bear Stearns exclusive 
investment banker develop market financing design 
installation systems municipalities company systems 
contained electrical generating facilities alternate power 
sources photovoltaic cells replace public utility power 
sources

=== Dokument 16===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Magma Copper subsidiary Newmont Mining Corp cutting copper 
cathode price cent cents lb effective

=== Dokument 17===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Brown Forman board approved stock split pct increase company 
cash dividend company cited improved earnings outlook 
continued strong cash flow reasons raising dividend Brown 
Forman split Class Class common shares effective March 
company directors declared quarterly cash dividend share 
classes cts payable April holders record March Prior split 
company paid cts quarterly Brown Forman today reported pct 
increase quarter profits mln dlrs dlr share pct increase 
sales record mln dlrs Brown Forman month profits declined 
bit mln dlrs dlrs share mln dlrs dlrs share year earlier 
quarter charge cts share restructuring beverage operations 
company corporate tax rates restructuring expected improve 
Brown Forman earnings cash flow fiscal

=== Dokument 18===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr profit cts profit cts Annual div cts cts prior yr Net 
profit profit Revs mths Shr profit cts loss cts Net profit 
loss Revs mln NOTE annual dividend payable April 
stockholders record March

=== Dokument 19===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shearson Lehman Brothers unit American Express Robert 
Stearns joined company managing director merger acquisition 
department Shearson Stearns Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner 
Smith merger acquisitions department

=== Dokument 20===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net Revs mln mln Year Shr dlrs dlrs Net Revs mln 
mln NOTE include adjustment dlrs cts shr year periods 
improvement universal life business estimated

=== Dokument 21===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Tower Commission report President Reagan ignorant Iran arms 
deal ends prospects regaining political dominance Washington 
political analysts certification incompetence private 
political analyst Stephen Hess told

=== Dokument 22===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Sales owned homes dropped pct January seasonally adjusted 
annual rate mln units National Association Realtors NAR 
December rate mln units highest record mln unit sales rate 
set November group drop January surprising portion December 
record pace sellers seeking favorable capital gains 
treatment tax laws NAR John Tuccillo

=== Dokument 23===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Alan Cranston Cal Daniel Evans introduced export licensing 
reform legislation save companies hundreds thousands dollars 
annually emphasis Decontrol items actions endanger national 
security eliminate Department Defense facto veto authority 
licensing process Cranston reforms reduce licensing 
requirements pct told reporters convinced rational licensing 
process boost exports export controls intended deny Eastern 
bloc countries access technology military capabilities 
refocusing control resources higher levels technology 
technology critical job preventing diversion critical 
technology adversaries promoting exports Cranston expect 
continue play leading role technology development future 
unduly restrict activities firms market place Evans told 
reporters

=== Dokument 24===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Excelan making initial public offering shares common stock 
dlrs share Excelan mln shares sold company shares sold 
stockholders Excelan designs manufactures products

=== Dokument 25===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
CCX Network offering shares stock dlrs share underwriters 
Stephens Cazenove company selling stock behalf shareholders 
including received shares company exchange businesses 
company receiving proceeds offering

=== Dokument 26===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Union Corp filed Securities Exchange Commission proposed 
offering mln dlrs fixed rate subordinated notes notes sold 
nationwide underwriters managed Shearson Lehman Brothers

=== Dokument 27===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div eights cts cts prior Pay March Record March

=== Dokument 28===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr loss cts loss cts Net loss loss Revs mln mln Qtly div 
cts cts prior Year Shr profit cts profit cts Net profit 
profit Revs mln mln NOTE Dividend payable April shareholders 
record March

=== Dokument 29===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net mln Sales mln mln Avg shrs Year Shr dlrs 
dlrs Net mln mln Sales mln mln Avg shrs

=== Dokument 30===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Du Pont devloped generation high strength aramid fibers 
stiffer absorbant previous generations Du Pont product 
Kevlar pct stiffer generation aramids absorbs moister aramid 
fibers Kevlar invented Du Pont late times stronger steel 
times stronger aluminum equal wieght basis replace metals 
variety products company

=== Dokument 31===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Standard Trustco expects earnings increase pct dlrs dlrs 
share recorded Stable rates growing economy expected provide 
favorable conditions growth president Brian told 
shareholders annual meeting Standard Trustco reported assets 
billion dlrs billion dlrs Return common shareholders equity 
pct year pct

=== Dokument 32===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr loss cts loss cts Net loss loss Rev mln mln months Shr 
loss cts profit cts Net loss profit Rev mln mln NOTE Net 
loss qtr includes charge restructuring mln dlrs tax cts 
share net loss includes tax special charge mln dlrs cts 
share

=== Dokument 33===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
International Coffee Organization ICO producing countries 
proposal reintroducing export quotas months April firm 
undertaking negotiate September future quota distribution 
basis ICO delegates Distribution April unchanged basis 
earlier producer proposal includes shortfall redistributions 
totalling mln bags Resumption ICO contact group meeting 
consumers scheduled evening postponed tomorrow delegates

=== Dokument 34===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
McLean Industries United Lines subsidiary agreed principle 
transfer South American service arranging transfer charters 
assets American Transport Lines subsidiary Lines 
negotiations contract expected completed week Terms 
conditions contract subject approval regulatory bodies 
including Bankruptcy Court

=== Dokument 35===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
ChemLawn Corp attract higher bid dlrs share offered Waste 
Management Wall Street arbitrageurs Shares ChemLawn shot 
trading mln company mln shares changing hands late afternoon 
company times cash flow dlrs dollars depending competing 
bidder arbitrageur Waste Management tender offer announced 
opening today expires March totally surprise Debra 
Strohmaier ChemLawn spokeswoman company board held regularly 
scheduled meeting today discussing Waste Management 
announcement statement expected ready unable prior contact 
Waste Management ChemLawn officials resist Elliott Schlang 
analyst Prescott Ball Turben company surprise attack 
Arbitrageurs pointed difficult resist tender offers shares 
cash Schlang ChemLawn white knight acquired Waste Management 
Analyst Rosemarie Morbelli Ingalls Snyder ServiceMaster 
Companies Rollins examples companies interested ChemLawn mln 
customers largest company involved application fertilizers 
pesticides herbicides lawns Waste Management involved 
removal wastes Schlang ChemLawn customer base valuable 
company capitalize strong residential commercial 
distribution Schlang Morbelli high growth rates catapulted 
ChemLawn share price stock languished rate growth slowed 
Schlang company profits concentrated fourth quarter ChemLawn 
earned dlrs share year dlrs fourth quarter Morbelli ChemLawn 
competes thousands individual entrepreuers offer lawn garden 
care sevice

=== Dokument 36===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Sugar imports subject sugar import quota week ended January 
initial week sugar quota year totaled short tons tons 
previous week Agriculture Department sugar import quota 
quota year January December set short tons compared tons 
quota year extended months December department Customs 
Service reported weekly cumulative imports reported actual 
weight basis final polarizations received cumulative import 
data adjusted

=== Dokument 37===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
making special distribution cts exchangeable unit includes 
cts return capital cts income gains

=== Dokument 38===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
group Republican governors members Congress intended explore 
expanding conservation reserve program mln acres current law 
mln acres erodible land enrolled program fiscal Republican 
Task Force Farm Rural America headed Senate Majority Leader 
Robert Dole drafting legislation increase reserve mln acres 
Charles Grassley Iowa told

=== Dokument 39===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Arvin Industries Evans elected president succeeding James 
Baker remains chairman Evans executive vice president

=== Dokument 40===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts cts prior Payable March Record March

=== Dokument 41===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
surprise pct drop January durable goods orders points 
slowdown capital spending presage lackluster real growth 
economy quarter economists total orders excluding volatile 
defense sector falling record pct economists agreed report 
painted bleak picture economy stressed tax reform laws 
primary factor drop orders business capital investment 
gloomy outlook economy David Wyss Data Resources impressed 
pct drop capital goods orders sign businesses reacting 
adversely tax reform thought Commerce Department pointed 
record pct decline orders machinery led declines office 
computing equipment orders Economists drop orders response 
lengthening depreciation schedules investment tax credit tax 
laws expensive invest people Wyss Increases durable goods 
orders year reinforced view businesses anticipated changing 
tax laws economists November durable goods orders rose pct 
December increased pct revised reported pct acknowledged 
huge January drop caused tax reform wash place January 
greater actual gains place November December Sullivan Dean 
Witter Reynolds economy weakening bent early year report 
points sluggish capital spending couple quarters Donald 
Maude Midland Montagu Capital Markets Maude pointed 
continuing decline order backlogs evidence outlook orders 
improving November order backlogs rose pct December fell pct 
January pct suggests orders pipeline depleting translate 
drop production Midland Montagu Maude Wyss cautioned January 
report reports reflected strength acknowledged decline 
occurred pct rise defense orders compared pct decline 
December pct drop January shipments compared pct rise 
December numbers reason Fed tighten Data Resources Wyss 
reason ease numbers Fed wait Sullivan predicted Fed ease 
Easter People talking recession Fed easing Fed ease ensure 
global growth

=== Dokument 42===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Alan Cranston Cal Daniel Evans introduced export licensing 
reform legislation save companies hundreds thousands dollars 
annually emphasis Decontrol items actions endanger national 
security eliminate Department Defense facto veto authority 
licensing process Cranston reforms reduce licensing 
requirements pct told reporters convinced rational licensing 
process boost exports export controls intended deny Eastern 
bloc countries access technology military capabilities 
refocusing control resources higher levels technology 
technology critical job preventing diversion critical 
technology adversaries promoting exports Cranston expect 
continue play leading role technology development future 
unduly restrict activities firms market place Evans told 
reporters

=== Dokument 43===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
International reporting operating loss January quarter 
prospects balance fiscal year remain good orders Harris 
Graphics subsidiary acquired June continue strong pace 
months orders rose pct prior year period annualized basis 
running mln dlrs backlog Harris pct fiscal year 
International division expected benefit product 
introductions decline dollar development engineering 
expenditures fiscal mln dlr range company allocated mln dlrs 
capital expenditures Earlier reported fourth quarter 
operating loss cts share compared profits cts share year 
Revenues rose mln dlrs mln dlrs

=== Dokument 44===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Assets money market mutual funds increased mln dlrs week 
ended yesterday billion dlrs Investment Company Institute 
Assets institutional funds rose mln dlrs billion dlrs 
general purpose funds rose mln dlrs billion dlrs broker 
dealer funds rose mln dlrs billion dlrs

=== Dokument 45===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Gulf barge freight rates firmed outlook steady vessel 
loadings Gulf increasing demand barges supply ships dealers 
barges traded today St Louis Merchants Exchange session 
yesterday Quotes included Delivery week Illinois River 
Joliet pct tariff bid offered week river Chicago quoted 
percentage points week Mississippi River St Louis pct bid 
offered points week Ohio River Owensboro south pct bid 
offered points station Illinois River south Chicago pct bid 
offered comparison March Illinois Chicago pct bid offered 
points March Ohio River bid yesterday traded level pct 
offered March Mississippi River Memphis Cairo pct bid 
offered comparison Illinois River Chicago pct bid offered 
comparison Sept Nov Mississippi River Memphis Cairo pct bid 
offered Sept Dec pct bid offered comparison

=== Dokument 46===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
chairmen senior Republican members House Senate tax writing 
committees proposed legislation curb estate tax deduction 
sales stock employee stock ownership plan proposal raise 
federal revenues billion dlrs fiscal year period Congress 
transactions Sept plan proposed House Ways Committee 
Chairman Dan Rostenkowski Ill Rep John Duncan Tenn Senate 
Finance Committee Chairman Lloyd Bentsen Tex Sen Bob 
Packwood Ore statement Rostenkowski estate tax deduction 
enacted year tax reform broad cost governmet billion dlrs 
years narrower deduction cost government mln dlrs years 
designed avoid sham transactions allowed estates avoid taxes 
transferring stock ESOPs Senate Finance Committee chairman 
Lloyd Bentsen statement Tax Reform provision wealthy 
individuals avoid federal estate tax die provision intended 
encourage estates sell stock employee stock ownership plans 
promoting worker ownership provision meant broad reduce 
federal revenues estimated introduced today calls 
modification provision intended purpose

=== Dokument 47===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Treasury balances Federal Reserve rose Feb billion dlrs 
billion dlrs previous business day Treasury latest budget 
statement Balances tax loan note accounts fell billion dlrs 
billion dlrs respective days Treasury operating cash balance 
totaled billion dlrs Feb compared billion dlrs Feb

=== Dokument 48===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Canadian Finance Minister Michael Wilson temporary authority 
Financial Administration borrow additional mln dlrs Thursday 
treasury auction statement Wilson action permit government 
proceed debt program period sufficient borrowing authority 
granted Parliament cover government Ottawa announced seeking 
Parliamentary approval additional authority cover financing 
increase government foreign reserves

=== Dokument 49===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Gulf Applied Technologies sold pipeline terminal operations 
units mln dlrs record gain mln dlrs quarter federal taxes 
owed transaction offset operating loss carryovers

=== Dokument 50===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net Revs mln mln Year Shr dlrs dlrs Net Revs 
billion mln Avg shrs

=== Dokument 51===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net Revs Avg shrs mln mln mths Shr dlrs dlrs Net 
Revs billion billion Avg shr mln mln NOTE latest mths net 
includes gain cts share sale Virginia service territory 
Dominion Resources

=== Dokument 52===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Springboard Software signed contract International 
Technology Development Corp provide software designers 
programmers project supervisors technical support personnel 
Springboard International Technology based San Francisco 
Shanghai China employs Chinese specialists

=== Dokument 53===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
CoFAB acquired Houston based fabricator custom high pressure 
process vessels energy petrochemical industries CoFAB group 
companies manufacture specialized cooling lubricating 
systems oil gas petrochemical utility pulp paper marine 
industries

=== Dokument 54===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Reporting members National Soybean Processors Association 
NSPA crushed bushels soybeans week ended Feb compared 
bushels previous week year week association total crushing 
capacity members bushels week bushels year NSPA soybean meal 
exports week tonnes tonnes week compared tonnes year week 
NSPA figures include NSPA member firms

=== Dokument 55===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
underwriters initial offering Schult Homes Corp units dlrs 
unit underwriters managed Janney Montgomey Scott Woolcott 
unit consits common share warrant purchase common share dlrs 
share September dlrs share March underwriters granted option 
units company proceeds pay portion subordinated note payable 
Inland Steel Urban Development Corp issued connection 
acquisition Schult Inland Based Elkhart Schult country 
oldest manufactured producer

=== Dokument 56===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div eights cts cts prior Pay April Record March

=== Dokument 57===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Burlington Menswear York City division Burlington Industries 
received mln dlr defense contract mln yards tropical cloth 
Defense Logistics Agency

=== Dokument 58===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Rockwell International Corp received mln dlr contract work 
bomber current fiscal year Air Force

=== Dokument 59===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts dlrs Net mln Revs mln mln Year Shr cts dlrs Net mln 
Revs mln mln NOTE qtr yr amounts include acquisition pct 
common Atico Peninsula Federal Savings Loan Association 
January qtr yr net include net gain mln dlrs dlrs share 
exchange common Pan America Banks common NCNB Corp purusant 
merger companies

=== Dokument 60===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
International Coffee Organization ICO exporters modify 
proposal quota resumption presenting importers tomorrow ICO 
delegates change discussed tonight informally producers 
talks formal producer session member producer splinter group 
affect proposed quota distribution months April proposed 
share include shortfall declarations

=== Dokument 61===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Quebecor Canada largest publishing printing companies launch 
daily newspaper Montreal fall president Pierre Peladeau told

=== Dokument 62===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Commercial industrial loans books major York banks excluding 
acceptances fell mln dlrs billion week ended February 
Federal Reserve Bank York Including acceptances loans 
declined mln dlrs billion Commercial paper outstanding 
nationally dropped mln dlrs billion National business loan 
data scheduled released Friday

=== Dokument 63===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
major York City banks mln dlrs average borrowings Federal 
Reserve week Wednesday February Fed spokesman week marked 
week bank statement period ended Wednesday banks borrowings 
prior week Commenting latest week Fed spokesman borrowing 
occurred yesterday banks National data discount window 
borrowings released EST GMT

=== Dokument 64===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts Payable April Record March NOTE dividend 
includes special cts share period fund commencement 
operations Novebmer December

=== Dokument 65===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Columbia Gas Systems redeem mln dlrs principal pct 
debentures series mln dlrs principal pct debentures series 
company redeeming debentures meet mandatory sinking fund 
requirements addition Columbia optional sinking fund 
redemption mln dlrs principal debentures mln dlrs pct 
debentures

=== Dokument 66===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts cts prior Pay April Record April

=== Dokument 67===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts cts Pay March Record March

=== Dokument 68===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Annual div Class cts cts prior Annual div Class cts cts 
prior Payable April Record March NOTE BDM International

=== Dokument 69===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Sorg group composed stockholders Sorg agreed sell holdings 
consent entire group Sorg group agreed vote body proposed 
merger election directors company retained Boston Corp 
financial advisor company provide details group aims

=== Dokument 70===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts cts prior Pay March Record February

=== Dokument 71===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Texas Instruments developed bit chip designed artificial 
intelligence applications company microprocessor measuring 
centimeter square transistors densest chip chip designed 
Texas Instruments Lisp langugage software programmers 
artificial intelligence field company working production 
version chip

=== Dokument 72===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Consolidated Natural Gas Consolidated Gas Transmission Corp 
compliance federal regulations disposal polychlorinated 
biphenyls PCBs company cleaned earthen pit PCBs reported 
Environmental Protection Agency standards

=== Dokument 73===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Shr dlrs dlrs Net Revs billion billion Note include 
extraordinary gain dlrs cts share secondary share offering 
Canron unit

=== Dokument 74===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
group affiliated York investment firms lowered stake Cyclops 
Corp shares pct total outstanding common stock shares pct 
filing Securities Exchange Commission group led Mutual 
Shares Corp sold Cyclops common shares Feb mln dlrs

=== Dokument 75===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Agricultural Stabilization Conservation Service ASCS 
established unit values commodities offered government 
stocks redemption Commodity Credit Corporation commodity 
certificates effective business day Price bushel dollars 
Sorghum priced CWT corn yellow grade WHEAT HRW HRS SRW SWW 
DURUM Chicago Track Toledo Memphis Peoria Denver Evansville 
Cincinnati Minneapolis Baltimore Norf Phil Kansas City Louis 
Amarillo Lubbock HRW HRS SRW SWW DURUM Lou Gulf Portland 
Seattle Stockton Duluth Gulf CORN BRLY OATS RYE SOYB SORG 
Chicago Track Toledo Memphis Peoria Denver Evnsvlle Cinci 
Mpls Balt Phil KC St Lo Amarlo Lubbck Lou Gulf Port Seattle 
Stockton LA Duluth Tex Gulf

=== Dokument 76===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr profit cts loss cts Net profit loss Revs Year Shr profit 
cent loss cts Net profit loss Revs mln mln Avg shrs

=== Dokument 77===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Agriculture Department announced prevailing market price 
adjusted quality location Strict Middling inch upland cotton 
cts lb midnight March adjusted price average producing 
locations Lubbock Texas adjusted qualities locations price 
determining Handler Cotton Certificate payment rates Based 
data week ended February adjusted price upland cotton 
determined cts lb Northern European Price Adjustments 
Average spot mkt location SLM inch cotton Average location 
Sum adjustments Adjusted price

=== Dokument 78===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Agriculture Department cumulative sugar imports individual 
countries quota year began January ends December quota 
allocations quota year short tons raw CUMULATIVE QUOTA 
IMPORTS ALLOCATIONS ARGENTINA nil AUSTRALIA nil BARBADOS nil 
BELIZE nil BOLIVIA nil BRAZIL nil CANADA nil QUOTA IMPORTS 
ALLOCATIONS COLOMBIA CONGO nil COSTA RICA nil IVORY COAST 
nil DOM REP ECUADOR nil EL SALVADOR nil FIJI nil GABON nil 
QUOTA IMPORTS ALLOCATIONS GUATEMALA nil GUYANA nil HAITI nil 
HONDURAS nil INDIA nil JAMAICA nil MADAGASCAR nil MALAWI nil 
QUOTA IMPORTS ALLOCATIONS MAURITIUS nil MEXICO MOZAMBIQUE 
nil PANAMA nil PAPUA GUINEA nil PARAGUAY nil PERU nil 
PHILIPPINES nil NEVIS nil QUOTA IMPORTS ALLOCATIONS 
SWAZILAND nil TAIWAN nil THAILAND nil TRINIDAD TOBAGO nil 
URUGUAY nil ZIMBABWE nil

=== Dokument 79===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
grain ships loading ships waiting load Portland Portland 
Merchants Exchange

=== Dokument 80===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts cts prior Pay April Record March

=== Dokument 81===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
bank discount window borrowings extended credits averaged 
mln dlrs week Wednesday February Federal Reserve Fed 
borrowings week fell mln dlrs mln dlrs extended credits mln 
dlrs mln dlrs week week statement period Net borrowings 
prior week averaged mln dlrs Commenting week statement 
period ended February Fed banks average net free reserves 
mln dlrs day billion weeks earlier Federal Reserve spokesman 
told press briefing large single day net misses Fed reserve 
projections week Wednesday natural float acting bit 
strangely time year noting poor weather latest week 
spokesman natural float ranged mln dlrs Friday reason 
billion dlrs Thursday Wednesday Fed spokeman reason Thursday 
high float mln dlrs Wednesday float figure holdover 
transportation float separated Fed districts week float 
adjustments small adding fell negative mln dlrs Tuesday 
number corrections unrelated cash letter errors districts 
country spokesman Tuesday Wednesday clearing banks problems 
securities Federal funds wires held open EST days problems 
cleared afternoons evidence reserve impact week ended 
Wednesday pct net discount window borrowings smallest banks 
pct large money center banks pct large regional institutions 
Wednesday pct borrowing accounted money center banks pct 
large regionals pct smallest banks Fed spokesman banking 
excess reserves Thursday Monday Tuesday deficit Friday 
Wedndsday produced small daily average deficit week week 
period high excess reserves daily avearge smallest banks

=== Dokument 82===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
American Express remained silent market rumors spinoff 
Shearson Lehman Brothers analysts company unhappy market 
stock American Express stock lift rumor market calculated 
partially public Shearson command good market boosting total 
American Express rumor accompanied talk financial services 
firm split stock boost dividend American Express closed York 
Stock Exchange heavy volume American Express comment rumors 
stock activity Analysts comments company analysts meeting 
Tuesday helped fuel rumors announcement yesterday management 
meeting company officials American Express stock undervalued 
fully reflect performance Shearson analysts Yesterday 
Shearson elevating chief operating officer Jeffery Lane 
position president vacant created positions chairmen 
operating divisions Analysts speculated partial spinoff 
sense contrary variation market rumors total spinoff 
analysts disagreed spinoff Shearson good strong profit 
center American Express contributing pct earnings year 
highly American Express sell shearson Perrin Long Lipper 
Analytical questioned investment profitable securities firm 
analysts American Express cash reason sell strong asset 
company considered option spinning Shearson rumor suggests 
selling pct market Larry Eckenfelder Prudential Bache 
Securities believes American Express considered partial 
spinoff Shearson profitable fetched big premium market place 
Shearson book mln dlr range Shearson market place worth 
bilion dlrs terms market capitalization Eckenfelder analysts 
American Express capital plans expand globally enormous 
internal growth plans takes capital stock reflect realistic 
valuations enhance ability kinds endeavors road Hutton Group 
analyst Michael Lewis outlined fact investing heavily future 
heavily international arena Lewis preclude acquisitions 
divestitures Lewis American Express reduced exposure 
brokerage business selling shearson stock reflect assets 
travel services business true water mark lesser exposure 
brokerage components command higher multiple constitute 
higher percentage total operating earnings company Lewis 
Shearson contributed mln tax operating earnings mln dlrs

=== Dokument 83===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
money supply rose billion dlrs seasonally adjusted billion 
dlrs February week Federal Reserve previous week level 
revised billion dlrs billion dlrs week moving average rose 
billion dlrs billion Economists polled

=== Dokument 84===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
General Binding Corp reached marketing agreement Varitronic 
Systems manufacturer marketer electronic lettering systems 
terms agreement General Binding carry Varitronics Merlin 
Express Presentation Lettering portable battery operated 
lettering produces type adhesive backed tape

=== Dokument 85===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Liberty Star Equity Fund declared initial dividend cts share 
payable April shareholders record March dividend includes 
quarterly dividend cts share special payout cts share covers 
period November fund began operations December fund 
quarterly dividend rate fluctuate future

=== Dokument 86===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Coca Cola Entertainment Business Sector unit formed joint 
venture affiliate Film Services acquire produce distribute 
television programming Film Services formed chairman John 
Heyman produce films

=== Dokument 87===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Ford Motor Ford Motor Credit April redeem mln dlrs pct 
debentures April debentures redeemable price pct principal 
April payment debentures accrued payable redemption 
redemption proceeds Debentures selected redemption pro rata 
basis Ford

=== Dokument 88===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Sterling Software received consent majority holders pct 
convertible sernior subordinated debentures required 
purchase shares common company buy stock discretion 
depending market conditions

=== Dokument 89===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Schult Homes Corp announced initial public offering units 
dlrs unit Janney Montgomery Scott Woolcott managing 
underwriters offering unit consists common share warrant buy 
share common warrant entitle holders buy common share dlrs 
share March September dlrs share March

=== Dokument 90===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Fluor Corp Fluor Daniel unit received contract Union Carbide 
Corp covering design procurement construction megawatt 
combined cycle cogeneration facility Seadrift Texas contract 
disclosed

=== Dokument 91===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Suffield Financial Corp Jon Googel Benjamin Sisti Colonial 
Realty West Hartford purchased shares stock company purchase 
equals pct outstanding shares

=== Dokument 92===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
filed registration statement Securities Exchange Commission 
covering mln dlrs principal redeemable subordinated 
debentures March cancellable mandatory stock purchase 
contracts requiring purchase mln dlrs common March offering 
underwritten Ryan Beck West Orange

=== Dokument 93===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Landmark Bancshares Corp expects stock trading March York 
Stock Exchange company stock traded American Stock Exchange 
November retain symbol LBC trading Big Board

=== Dokument 94===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Ivaco price pressure steel products increase Canadian dollar 
expected result minimal quarter earnings subsequent quarters 
substantial improvement quarter levels earnings reach levels 
long conditions continue Ivaco earlier reported profit rose 
mln dlrs mln dlr extraordinary gain mln dlrs previous year 
demand company products continuing high levels sales 
expected growth Revenues year rose billion dlrs billion dlrs

=== Dokument 95===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
grain carloadings totaled cars week ended February pct 
previous week pct week year Association American Railroads 
reported Grain product loadings week totalled cars pct 
previous week pct week year earlier association

=== Dokument 96===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Industrial Equity Pacific Hong Kong investment firm raised 
stake Wrather Corp shares pct total outstanding common stock 
shares pct filing Securities Exchange Commission Industrial 
Equity principally owned Brierley Investments publicly held 
Zealand company bought Wrather common shares Feb mln dlrs 
disclosed stake Wrather earlier month bought stock 
investment purposes

=== Dokument 97===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr loss DLS PROFIT CTS Net loss mln profit mln Revs mln mln 
Year Shr loss dlrs profit dlrs net loss mln profit mln Revs 
mln mln

=== Dokument 98===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Diamond Shamrock Corp effective today cut contract prices 
crude oil dlrs barrel reduction brings posted price West 
Texas Intermediate dlrs barrel copany price reduction today 
light falling oil product prices weak crude oil market 
company spokeswoman Diamond latest oil companies cut 
contract posted prices days citing weak oil markets

=== Dokument 99===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Liebert Corp shareholders approved merger wholly owned 
subsidiary Emerson Electric terms merger Liebert shareholder 
receive shares Emerson stock Liebert share

=== Dokument 100===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Coleco Industries expects return profitability Earlier 
Coleco reported net loss mln dlrs year ended December 
compared profit mln dlrs year earlier prepared statement 
company dramatic swing operating steep decline sales Cabbage 
Patch Kids products mln dlrs mln dlrs Coleco changed single 
product company diversified organization major acquisitions 
year Products acquisitions product introductions expected 
enable return profitability annual Toy Fair earlier month 
vice president Morton Handel analysts projected earnings cts 
share sales mln dlrs reasonable

=== Dokument 101===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Olin Corp board elect April John Johnstone Jr chief 
executive officer company succeed John Henske chairman 
Johnstone president chief operating officer Henske served 
CEO chairman continue chairman retirement June

=== Dokument 102===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Gulf Applied Technologies sold subsidiaries engaged pipeline 
terminal operations mln dlrs company sale subject post 
closing adjustments explain

=== Dokument 103===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
group affiliated Miami based investment firms led 
Fundamental Management Corp raised stake Robeson Industries 
Corp shares pct total pct filing Securities Exchange 
Commission group bought Robeson common shares Jan Feb dlrs 
group buy shares plans study Robeson operations recommend 
management operations Fundamental Management Chairman Carl 
Singer elected Robeson board

=== Dokument 104===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
study grain certificates shortly Government Accounting 
Office GAO certificates cost government pct cash outlays 
administration industry sources Analysis GAO Agriculture 
Department Office Management Budget suggests certificates 
cost cash payments GAO official told

=== Dokument 105===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr profit cts loss cts Net profit loss Revs mln Year Shr 
profit cts profit cts Net profit profit Revs mln mln Avg 
shrs mln mln NOTE year includes weeks

=== Dokument 106===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts cts Pay April Record March

=== Dokument 107===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Shr loss dlrs loss dlrs Net loss mln loss mln Revs mln mln 
Note net includes mln dlr extraordinary loss oil gas 
writedowns unrealized foreign exchange losses yr loss mln 
dlrs

=== Dokument 108===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Thomson McKinnon Mortgage Assets Corp unit Thomson McKinnon 
offering mln dlrs collateralized mortgage obligations 
tranches include floating rate inverse floating rate CMOS 
floating rate class amounts mln dlrs average life years 
matures CMOs initial coupon pct reset basis points LIBOR 
sole manager Thomson McKinnon inverse floater totals mln 
dlrs average life years matures CMOs initial coupon pct 
priced Subsequent rates inverse floater equal pct product 
times LIBOR pct Thomson officer explained coupon inverse 
floating rate tranche increase LIBOR declined yield floats 
LIBOR fixed rate tranche totals mln dlrs average life years 
matures CMOs assigned pct coupon par pricing issue rated AAA 
Standard Poor secured Federal Loan Mortgage Corp Freddie Mac 
certificates

=== Dokument 109===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Period ended December Shr cts cts Net Revs

=== Dokument 110===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts cts Pay April Record March

=== Dokument 111===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
OPEC forced meet scheduled June session readdress production 
cutting agreement organization halt current slide oil prices 
oil industry analysts movement higher oil prices easy OPEC 
thought emergency meeting sort problems Daniel Yergin 
director Cambridge Energy Associates CERA Analysts oil 
industry sources problem OPEC faces excess oil supply oil 
markets OPEC problem price problem production issue 
addressed Paul Mlotok oil analyst Salomon Brothers market 
earlier optimism OPEC ability production control pessimistic 
outlook organization address wishes regain initiative oil 
prices analysts uncertain emergency meeting address problem 
OPEC production mln bpd quota set December OPEC learn buyers 
market deemed quotas fixed prices set differentials regional 
manager major oil companies spoke condition named market 
teach lesson David Mizrahi editor Mideast reports expects 
OPEC meet June optimistic OPEC address principal problems 
meet advantage winter demand sell oil late March April 
demand slackens Mizrahi Mizrahi OPEC reiterate agreement 
output mln bpd Analysts months critical OPEC ability hold 
prices output OPEC hold pact weeks buyers market Dillard 
Spriggs Petroleum Analysis York Bijan Moussavar Rahmani 
Harvard University Energy Environment Policy Center demand 
OPEC oil rising quarter prompted excesses production Demand 
OPEC oil mln bpd closer mln bpd higher characterized 
cheating OPEC meeting demand current production told

=== Dokument 112===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Cenergy Corp reported fourth quarter net income dlrs cts 
share revenues mln dlrs year reported net loss mln dlrs cts 
share result writedowns book oil gas properties quarters 
Revenues mln dlrs company fiscal year ended March changed 
calender year months ended Dec reported loss mln dlrs dlrs 
share revenues mln dlrs result noncash writedowns oil gas 
properties year ended March Cenergy reported net income dlrs 
cts share revenues mln dlrs company reserves year fell mln 
barrels mln barrels oil bilion cubic feet gas BCF reserves 
disappear produce prices recover

=== Dokument 113===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
stock split Pay Note split subject approval shareholders 
April annual meeting Company increase dividend shares cts 
cts

=== Dokument 114===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Torchmark Corp board authorized purchase time time portion 
pct convertible subordinated debentures February outstanding 
mln dlrs principal debenures company plans redeem debentures 
June declared regular quarterly dividend cts share common 
payable shareholders record April

=== Dokument 115===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Painewebber Group redeem outstanding pct convertible 
subordinated debentures redeem debentures dlrs accrued 
redemption March notes converted common stock price dlrs 
share

=== Dokument 116===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Scherer registered Securities Exchange Commission proposed 
public offering mln shares convertible exchangeable 
preferred stock dlrs share addition company offering 
preferred shares Richard Manoogian Scherer director dlrs 
share Manoogian buy shares Proceeds offering repay debt fund 
development Underwriters led Goldman Sachs

=== Dokument 117===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
completed offering unis dlrs underwriters Stamm Rosenkrantz 
Lyon Ross unit consists shares common stock redeemable 
warrant entitles holder buy additional common share dlrs Feb 
Feb company creates markets fragrances beauty products 
including Anne Klein department specialty stores

=== Dokument 118===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr loss cts Net loss profit Revs Year Shr loss cts loss cts 
Net loss loss Revs mln mln

=== Dokument 119===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts cts prior Pay April Record March

=== Dokument 120===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
senior official Drexel Burnham Lambert father told 
Securities Exchange Commission acquired shares Epsilon Data 
Management pct total outstanding Kenneth Thomas senior vice 
president investments Drexel Los Angeles office father 
retired university professor Thomas bought stake mln dlrs 
investment purposes buy stock sell stake depending market 
conditions plans seek control company

=== Dokument 121===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
proposed securities offerings filed Securities Exchange 
Commission General Corp Offering mln dlrs convertible senior 
subordinated notes March Drexel Burnham Lambert

=== Dokument 122===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Varian Associates signed letter intent form jointly operate 
nuclear magnetic resonance imaging spectroscopy business 
Fremont systems smaller magnetic resonance imaging equipment 
clinical examinations companies products venture intended 
small animal limited medical materials testing

=== Dokument 123===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Du Pont District Court Delaware ruled Phillips Petroleum 
infringed patent covering melt processable ethylene 
copolymer resins polyethylene pipe systems court ruled 
Phillips infringed claims patent enjoined Phillips making 
selling products covered patents court ordrered accounting 
determine damages infringement Phillips

=== Dokument 124===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Nova Canadian company owns pct Husky Oil received government 
approval transaction buy pct stake Husky Nova Minister 
Regional Industrial Expansion Michel Cote ruled Union Faith 
purchase Husky stake result Husky ceding control company 
ruling key condition completing deal Union Faith equally 
owned agreement Union Faith Husky private company Union 
Faith Nova holding pct stock pct Husky owned relatives Li Ka 
Shing chairman Hutchison pct Canadian Imperial Bank 
Commerice

=== Dokument 125===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Presidential Airways joint marketing services agreement 
Texas Air Corp Continental Airlines unit approved Department 
Justice agreement Presidential Airways operate scheduled 
service Continental Express company remain independent

=== Dokument 126===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Army renegotiate mln dlr contract ITT Corp jam proof field 
radios tests radios work properly production Single Channel 
Ground Airborne Radio SINCGARS sets delayed contract radios 
meet specifications operating hours failing Army tests 
reliability contract renegotiated

=== Dokument 127===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Oper shr cts cts Oper net mln mln Revs mln mln mths Oper shr 
dlrs dlrs Oper net mln mln Revs billion billion NOTE mths 
oper net excludes extraordinary gain mln dlrs cts share sale 
Virginia service territory Virginia Power

=== Dokument 128===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Torchmark Corp raising mln dlrs offering sinking fund 
debentures yielding pct lead manager Boston debentures pct 
coupon priced yield basis points pct Treasury bonds years 
issue rated Moody AA Standard Poor sinking fund starts 
retire pct debentures maturity estimated maximum life years 
Merrill Lynch deal

=== Dokument 129===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Suffield Financial Corp Federal Reserve Board approved 
application acquire Coastal Bancorp Portland Suffield 
approval superintendent Maine banking department

=== Dokument 130===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts cts Pay April Record March

=== Dokument 131===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Oper shr dlrs dlrs Oper net Revs mln mln Note net excludes 
extraordinary gain mln dlrs dlrs shr sale shares yr loss mln 
dlrs dlrs shr

=== Dokument 132===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts cts Pay April Record March Santa Anita Realty 
Enterprises

=== Dokument 133===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts cts Pay March Record March

=== Dokument 134===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Oper shr cts cts Oper net Revs mln mln Note Marshall 
Drummond McCall include extraordinary gains dlrs cts share 
dlrs cts income tax reduction

=== Dokument 135===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Marshall Steel Marshall Drummond McCall report mln dlr net 
gain taxes year sale Drummond McCall division sold effective 
January

=== Dokument 136===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Oper shr cts cts Oper net Revs Avg shrs mths Oper shr cts 
cts Oper net Revs mln mln Avg shrs Note Excludes tax gain 
dlrs qtr year

=== Dokument 137===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
BanPonce Corp privately mln dlrs pct senior notes Lincoln 
National Investment Management York Life Insurance Dillon 
Read proceeds increase working capital general corporate 
purposes future acquisitions Corrects dollar figure notes 
item appearing Feb

=== Dokument 138===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp FDIC troubled banks Texas 
Louisiana merged healthy financial institutions FDIC 
subsidized merger Central Bank Trust Glenmora healthy 
Peoples Bank Trust Natchitoches regulators notified Central 
danger failing Central assets mln dlrs FDIC deposits failed 
Farmers Bank Hart assumed Hale County Bank Plainview Farmers 
mln dlrs assets closed Texas bank regulators deposits failed 
National Bank Crosby Crosby total assets mln dlrs assumed 
Central Bancshares South Birmingham National closed federal 
bank regulators FDIC number federally insured banks fail 
year totals FDIC

=== Dokument 139===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Olin Corp John Johnstone Jr president chief operating 
officer succeed John Henske chief executive officer April 
Henske continue chairman retires June Olin

=== Dokument 140===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Daewoo Motor Corp Korea based joint venture Daewoo Group 
General Motors Corp boost imports goods mln dlrs mln dlrs 
company imports account pct total planned imports mln dlrs 
year goods accounted pct company imports pct products slated 
import include automobile machinery parts catalytic 
converters fuel injection systems electronic emission 
testing systems

=== Dokument 141===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
chairman Senate Agriculture subcommittee credit panel farm 
credit rescue package Easter regulator markup guarantee 
Easter recess David Boren Senate Majority leader Robert Byrd 
recommendations farm credit presented April Congress 
scheduled break Easter Boren Boren urged Farm Credit 
Administration FCA regulator formal request aid Farm credit 
law passed Congress FCA regulator certify exhausted capital 
federal government FCA chairman Frank Naylor remaining 
capital tied legal action technically certify rescue needed 
year Republican member man FCA board Marvin Duncan agreed 
Boren urged FCA technically certify aid needed request 
informally capital infusion Boren Boren FCA officials spoke 
hearing plight farm credit hearing Brent Beesely chief 
executive Farm Credit Council representing billion dlrs 
working capital remaining losses billion dlrs years 
government aid Beesley situation districts number banks 
associations economically depressed areas continue suffer 
extraordinary losses Beesley Jim Billington Democratic 
member FCA board troubles encouraged flight billion dlrs 
month borrowers repay loans total portfolio shrank billion 
dlrs year billion previous year FCA board members borrowers 
holders bonds assured money safe Naylor suggested federal 
assurance bondholders bondholders worry time Billington 
Naylor proposals revamping farm credit circulating proposals 
range consolidation centralized national lender institutions 
spokesman Beesley cautious proposals secondary market farm 
loans proposals package farm loans resale investors Naylor 
Beesley secondary market set farm credit hurt Beesley 
secondary market farm credit agent developed Congressional 
legislation

=== Dokument 142===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Tower Commission scathing comments President Reagan 
embattled chief staff Donald Regan signal death knell White 
House tenure impact strong criticism officials clear Regan 
tough criticism handling Reagan worst political crisis 
details covert arms sales Iran diversion profits Nicaraguan 
rebels emerged November criticism roles Secretary George 
Shultz Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger opposed Iran arms 
initiative failed muted release Tower Commission report 
obligation president support continued advice respect 
program conscience inform president report month probe 
simply distanced program protected record positions issue 
energetic attempting protect president consequences personal 
commitment freeing hostages report saved scathing language 
Regan gruff Wall Street executive close personal friend 
Reagan autocratic rule White House angered Reagan officials 
importantly Reagan wife Nancy chief staff memory asserted 
personal control White House staff sought extend control 
national security adviser report Washington analysts Regan 
departure appeared matter timing expected president 
addresses nation Tower Commission findings week Regan 
departure imminent Poindexter key figures scandal office 
report tough criticism Shultz Weinberger turn spotlight 
future Senate Republican leader Robert Dole key Reagan ally 
told reporters report disclosed colossal blunders people 
served president step protect president serve president 
Kansas Republican presidential candidate year Republican 
strategist believed Regan White House official leave future

=== Dokument 143===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Industries Canada plans bid helicopter replace Canada fleet 
Sea King aircraft joining Bell Textron Canada Canadian 
Marconi CMW IMP Group Paramax Electronics supported Augusta 
Sikorsky Aircraft Westland Group bid aimed detecting 
engaging submarines designed British Italian navies enter 
service

=== Dokument 144===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net Revs mln mln mths Shr dlrs dlrs Net Revs mln 
mln

=== Dokument 145===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
American Travellers Corp American Travellers Life Insurance 
unit expanded operations company unit begun marketing 
Maryland Idaho District Columbia

=== Dokument 146===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
agreed principle sell Alberta based Versatile Noble 
Cultivators division Vicon Ontario undisclosed terms 
division manufactures tillage spraying equipment

=== Dokument 147===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Groupe Videotron agreed buy pct Groupe Promexpo company 
specializes product exhibits mln dlrs

=== Dokument 148===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net Revs mln mln Note include extraordinary 
gains dlrs cts share dlrs cts share

=== Dokument 149===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Rohr Industries agreed year labor contract International 
Association Machinists Aerospace Workders strike began days 
pact union members Rohr Chula Vista Riverside plants receive 
lump sum payments pct pct pct annually payment April Rohr 
increase pension benefit dlrs month eligible year service

=== Dokument 150===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Texaco Canada lowered contract price pay crude oil Canadian 
cts barrel effective today decrease brings company posted 
price benchmark grade Edmonton Swann Hills Light Sweet 
Canadian dlrs bbl Texaco Canada changed crude oil postings 
Feb

=== Dokument 151===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Dow Chemical Merrell Dow Pharmaceuticals unit jury Bendectin 
birth defects year boy mother drug pregnancy drug treat 
morning sickness discontinued allegations drug caused birth 
defects Merrell trials involving drug West Germany verdicts 
judgements favor company trials included plaintiffs trials 
Merrell verdicts favor plaintiffs trial judge overruled jury 
verdict issued judgement favor company judge panel Court 
Appeals overturned trial judge ruling Merrell awaiting 
rehearing case Court Appeals remaining trials ended mistrial 
jury unable reach verdict point lawsuits filed alleging drug 
caused birth defects company spokesman lawsuits pending 
Bendectin introduced early Merrell spokesman valid 
application market drug Food Drug Administration company 
decide reintroduce

=== Dokument 152===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Agriculture Department offer dlr bushel bonus payment corn 
farmers erodible cropland enrolled conservation reserve 
program year aide USDA Secretary Richard Lyng Charles 
Grassley Iowa yesterday Lyng farmers dlr bonus offered corn 
farmers signing program month aide Lyng doubtful department 
offer retroactive bonus farmers enrolled land year 
conservation reserve year tide referring demands follow 
commodity groups

=== Dokument 153===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Marathon Petroleum reduced contract price pay grades crude 
oil dlr barrel effective today decrease brings Marathon 
posted price West Texas Intermediate West Texas Sour dlrs 
bbl South Louisiana Sweet grade crude reduced dlrs bbl 
company changed crude postings Jan

=== Dokument 154===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Nuclear Regulatory Commission NRC proposed ease evacuation 
standards nuclear plants lead licensing controversial plants 
York Hampshire NRC voted offer rule days public comment 
reconsidered set emergency evacuation standards Local 
authorites plants Shoreham Long Island Seabrook refused 
evacuation planning required existing NRC rules claimed 
region populated safe evacuation plan holding NRC authority 
issue power licenses dollar plants group prominent 
politicians led York Governor Mario Cuomo charged public 
meeting proposed plan Tuesday NRC members interested 
protecting protecting public safety NRC spokesman meeting 
agency scheduled meeting vote proposed plan statement today 
announcing vote commission proposed rule change enable NRC 
cases local authorities refused emergency evacuation 
planning

=== Dokument 155===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Shr dlrs dlrs Net mln mln Revs billion billion

=== Dokument 156===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
farmers grown oats failed certify government allowed 
continue planting crop eligible corn program benefits aide 
Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng farmer eligible corn 
program benefits restrict plantings program crops acreage 
base crop members Congress Iowa complained farmers 
inadvertantly failed certify grown oats asked halt oats 
production lose corn program benefits USDA historic oats 
farmers plant oats extend exemption farmers Lyng aide

=== Dokument 157===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Circuit Systems bought stock Ionic Industries exchange 
shares common exchange shares Circuit Systems stock 
outstanding Ionic holders pct outstanding stock Circuit 
Systems Ionic maker circuit boards revenues mln dlrs pretax 
profits dlrs revenues mln pretax profits dlrs Circuit 
Systems

=== Dokument 158===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
sharp decline soybean crush ratios weeks accelerating days 
pushed margins cost production soybean processing plants 
prompted cut output soybean meal oil weekly soybean crush 
rate reported National Soybean Processors Association 
afternoon mln bushels mln bushel rate months crush margins 
surged levels year Active soymeal export loadings Gulf 
pushed soybean futures premiums higher prompting pick weekly 
crush number export demand met foreign meal users waiting 
expected surge shipments crop South American soymeal months 
processors finding domestic livestock feed demand light time 
year milder normal winter steadily dropped offering prices 
attempt buying soyproduct dealers Soybean meal futures 
steadily declined weeks setting contract dlrs ton nearby 
March contract today speculators bought March soymeal sold 
deliveries notice day tomorrow March gain deferreds CBT 
crush trader bailing week March acting lot delivered 
tomorrow month result weakness soymeal March crush ratio 
soyproducts cost soybeans fell mid earlier month cents 
bushel today dropping cents days crush ended today cents 
processors lock ratio unprofitable level trader start cut 
production supplies demand futures processors finding bid 
premiums cash soybeans reducing crush margins central 
Illinois processor making cents bushel soybeans crushed 
current prices sharply levels weeks average cost production 
cash dealers soybean processing plants operation talk 
temporary time processors start halting production weeks 
continue face unprofitable margins

=== Dokument 159===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net Revs Avg shrs mths Shr cts cts Net Revs

=== Dokument 160===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr loss cts loss cts Net loss loss Revs mln mln Year Shr 
profit cts profit cts Net profit profit Revs mln mln Avg 
shrs Note shr adjusted stock split July split

=== Dokument 161===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Latest Federal Reserve data central bank voted maintain 
existing degree pressure banking reserves regular policy 
making meeting weeks money market economists numbers 
disappointing Volcker word changed Bob Bannon Security 
Pacific National Bank Fed Chairman Paul Volcker told 
Congressional committee Thursday Fed policy unchanged today 
Volcker statement Thursday allayed fears Fed marginally 
tightened grip reserves ailing dollar economists wanted 
confirmation steady policy today data covered week bank 
statement period ended yesterday additional reassurance 
acute Fed decision yesterday drain reserves banking 
arranging overnight matched sale purchase agreements time 
April year economists Today data draining action large 
billion dlrs economists caught eye sizeable matched sales 
Wednesday Dana Johnson National Bank Chicago justified 
ominous Fed waited start statement period today missed 
reserve projections Security Pacific Bannon Fed spokesman 
told reporters large single day net reserve projections 
latest week Economists shrugged higher expected adjusted 
bank borrowings Fed discount window averaged mln dlrs day 
latest week compared economists forecasts mln week bank 
statement period daily borrowing average doubled mln dlrs 
prior period wire problems large banks Tuesday Wednesday 
bothered borrowings Scott Winningham Winningham Wednesday 
average rose mln dlrs mln week earlier Lending support 
stable policy view steady federal funds rate pct latest week 
persistently high levels excess reserves banking economists 
time Fed neutral path fed funds pct Darwin Beck Boston 
expect continue vein Excess reserves fell billion dlrs 
Chicago Johnson Banks excess reserves averaged billion dlrs 
day latest statement period billion previous Fed declined 
assign target growth range wayward money supply measure week 
attention paid steeper anticipated billion dlr jump week 
ended February economists Fed tread fine dollar progress 
international currency markets development domestic economy 
market exaggerated dollar Fed policy Chicago Johnson dollar 
account future policy decisions economy weak wo pull easing

=== Dokument 162===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
launched mln Canadian dlr Eurobond issue years bearing 
coupon pct Issue price Lead manager Union Bank Switzerland 
Proceeds reduce short term debt

=== Dokument 163===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
York Stock Exchange review regulation securities industry 
determine needed maintain integrity market protect investors 
coming years Exchange study needed rapid place securities 
industry factors cited increase trading volume proliferation 
trading instruments rise computerized trading techniques 
Exchange mention insider trading scandal caught Wall Street 
executives NYSE study chaired Richard Shinn executive vice 
chairman Exchange chairman chief executive officer members 
study committee include Charles Barbar chairman Arsarco 
Roger Birk chairman emeritus Merrill Lynch Irwin Guttag 
chairman NYSE special surveillance committee committee 
report completed year Exchange

=== Dokument 164===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
unmanned Delta rocket carrying mln dlr hurricane tracking 
satellite blasted today NASA successful launch year foot 
meter Delta reliable workhorse rocket fleet lifted EST Cape 
Canaveral Air Force Station crucial test space agency 
ability recover Challenger disaster string failures launch 
delays days postponement caused fuel leak high speed 
crosswinds NASA officials torn rocket fiery ascent

=== Dokument 165===
Miejsce: france
Treść:
France wing government facing growing pressure modify 
economic policies revising growth targets revising inflation 
forecasts year Moving reluctantly private sector forecasts 
government yesterday raised inflation estimate percentage 
point cent cut economic growth estimate cent cent target 
written annual budget september Finance Minister Edouard 
Balladur revised figures push government chosen mix price 
deregulation budget cutting rigour pay restraint Trade Union 
leaders served notice push protect purchasing power members 
raising spectre vicious spiral wage price rises bank 
economists contacted

=== Dokument 166===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Oper shr profit cts loss cts Oper net profit loss Revs Year 
Oper shr profit cts loss cts Oper net profit loss Revs mln 
mln Note data include discontinued operations qtr gain dlrs 
cts shr qtr loss dlrs cts shr year loss dlrs dlrs shr year 
loss dlrs cts shr

=== Dokument 167===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Houston Oil Trust independent petroleum engineers completed 
annual study estimates trust future net revenues total 
proved reserves mln dlrs discounted reserves mln dlrs Based 
estimate trust money cash distributions unitholders 
remainder year estimates reflect decrease pct net reserve 
revenues pct discounted compared study

=== Dokument 168===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr loss dlrs loss cts Net loss loss Revs mln mln Year Shr 
loss dlrs profit cts Net loss profit Revs mln mln Note 
includes charges dlrs qtr dlrs year reserve underperforming 
restaurants

=== Dokument 169===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
Japan unadjusted consumer price base fell pct January 
previous month government Management Coodination Agency fall 
compares decline pct December January compared year earlier 
pct drop larger pct fell pct September Food costs rose 
January December prices fell clothing footwear utilities 
causing decline month Housing medical educations costs 
increased January compared year earlier cost utilities 
gasoline vegetables fell unadjusted consumer price Tokyo 
area base pct month earlier reflecting prices food clothing 
footwear Compared year earlier pct vegetable fuel oil 
utility costs

=== Dokument 170===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Avery board authorizerd stock split increased quarterly 
dividend plans offer mln shares common stock company stock 
split effective March distribution additional share 
shareholder record March quarterly cash dividend cts share 
split shares pct increase cts share split Avery register 
Securities Exchange Commission shrortly offer mln additional 
common shares proceeds repay debt finance acquisitions 
corporate purposes

=== Dokument 171===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Microsoft Corp federal court order seize shipment 
unauthorized copies MS DOS operating labeled Falcon MS DOS 
Federal marshals seizure San Francisco Feb Microsoft 
District Court Northern District California granted 
temporary restraning order Wetex International Quadrant Corp 
persons prohibiting copyright infringement reproducing 
Microsoft software

=== Dokument 172===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
Finance Ministry proposed informally bond underwriting 
syndicate coupon January year government bond remain 
unchanged February pct underwriting sources ministry yen 
raise issue price February yield record pct pct February 
bond issue yield record proposed issue volume billion yen 
billion February underwriting syndicate accept proposed 
terms sources

=== Dokument 173===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
unmanned Delta rocket carrying mln dlr weather observation 
satellite blasted today Space launch year foot rocket lifted 
local time GMT orbit pound Geostationary Operational 
Environmental Satellite replace identical destroyed Delta 
rocket exploded liftoff Weather forecasters single satellite 
cover entire failed orbit August weather eyes open Thomas 
Pyke spokesman National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration 
owns operates satellite smooth launching delays days caused 
fuel leak powerful crosswinds Delta rockets scheduled launch 
National Aeronautics Space Administration year launch marked 
straight success space program battered series failures 
including loss Challenger shuttle

=== Dokument 174===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
Average rates yen certificates deposit CD fell pct week 
ended February pct previous week Bank Japan rates previous 
brackets Average CD rates banks pct Money Market Certificate 
MMC ceiling rates week starting March pct Average CD rates 
city trust long term banks days pct days pct Average CD 
rates city trust long term banks days pct days pct days 
unquoted unquoted days pct unquoted days pct unquoted 
Average yen bankers acceptance rates city trust long term 
banks days unquoted days unquoted unquoted days unquoted 
unquoted

=== Dokument 175===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Britain centrist Liberal Social Democratic Alliance won 
surprise victory parliamentary election London borough 
Greenwich seat held main opposition Labour party years Rosie 
Barnes Social Democratic member Alliance won votes pct 
majority seats nearest rival Labour candidate Deirdre Wood 
Conservatives votes result expected play key role 
determining Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher leader ruling 
Conservatives general election

=== Dokument 176===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
Japan expected cut base lending rate financial institutions 
pct pact major industrial nations Paris Finance Ministry 
sources cut based revision Trust Fund Bureau Law approved 
parliament March abolishing pct minimum rate deposits bureau 
bureau channels funds government financial institutions 
public works official base lending rate bodies Japan 
Development Bank People Finance Corp finance corporations 
local public enterprises moves tandem long term prime rates 
sources impossible follow cut pct pct January Trust Fund 
Bureau rate legally set pct ministry abolish minimum rate 
introduce market resolve problem stimulate domestic economy 
Tuesday ministry allowed long term bankers cut prime record 
pct effective February suggested reached agreement 
depositors bureau postal savings Posts Telecommunications 
Ministry Japan welfare annuity Ministry Health Welfare 
sources ministries determine market rates considered setting 
bureau deposit rate ministry sources Coupon rates year 
government bonds percentage points likeliest choice

=== Dokument 177===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
Japan ruling opposition parties agreed reopen talks budget 
fiscal year March House Budget Committee meets Tuesday 
parliamentary official officials ruling Liberal Democratic 
Party opposition parties agreed meeting committee board 
directors Strong opposition objection government tax reform 
proposals including controversial sales tax delayed 
deliberation House Budget Committee

=== Dokument 178===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
Tokyo Grain Exchange raise margin requirement spot nearby 
month Chinese soybeans red beans effective March Spot April 
Soybean contracts increase yen tonne lot months stay 
unchanged distant February requirement set March Chinese 
spot March set yen tonne lot exchange raised spot March 
requirement yen contracts outstanding March Chinese nearby 
April rises yen months remain unchanged yen distant August 
set March margin red bean spot March rises yen tonne lot 
outstanding contracts March nearby April requirement red 
beans rise yen effective March margin money red bean months 
remain unchanged yen distant August requirement set March

=== Dokument 179===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
majority Americans disapprove Ronald Reagan handled 
presidency resign poll poll conducted Newsweek magazine pct 
respondents Reagan negative performance rating double 
disapproval rating Iran Contra scandal magazine Reagan 
remained personally popular ratio majority polled Reagan 
personal level Newsweek cent questioned believed 
administration accomplishments outweighed failures

=== Dokument 180===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Britain ruling Conservatives enlarged lead opposition Labour 
Party opinion polls released Saturday Market Opinion 
International MORI poll conducted Sunday Times Conservatives 
point lead poll Telephone Surveys Limited Sunday Express 
points Sunday Express poll conducted Social Democratic Party 
scored upset victory Thursday parliamentary election Labour 
stronghold Greenwich London MORI poll conducted days leading 
election Conservatives pct vote Labour pct Alliance Social 
Democrats Liberals pct Sunday Express poll conducted Friday 
Conservatives pct vote Labour pct Alliance pct Harris poll 
published Observer newspaper Sunday Conservatives point lead 
Labour survey Conservatives support pct voters Labour pct 
Alliance pct

=== Dokument 181===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Economy continued expand February slower pace January spurt 
activity National Association Purchasing Management NAPM 
report Association composite survey dropped pct February pct 
January NAPM seventh consecutive month leading indicator pct 
reading pct generally economy expanding phase pct implies 
declining economy NAPM report based survey purchasing 
managers Industrial companies growth rate orders production 
slowed February production remained vigorous times members 
reporting worse Vendor deliveries improved month members 
reported steel supplies tight USX Corp gradually resumed 
production number members reported inventories higher 
reported NAPM happened August sixth straight month 
purchasers reported paying higher prices time ratio Robert 
Bretz chairman NAPM business survey committee economy 
continued expand February subdued rate January slowing 
orders dampen prospects respectable quarter composite 
seasonally adjusted figure based components NAPM business 
survey orders production vendor deliveries inventories 
employment

=== Dokument 182===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
Toshin Steel affiliates Nippon Kokan KK merger company 
spokesmen Toshin Steel owned pct Nippon Kokan Azuma Steel 
owned pct Nippon Kokan expected decide March firms 
struggling losses caused recession steel industry yen 
appreciation Azuma Steel current losses estimated billion 
yen year March billion loss year earlier spokesman firm 
employs workers Toshin Steel workers forecast year March 
industry sources expected company current losses billion yen 
compared billion loss

=== Dokument 183===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
American Express rumoured spinoff studying ways improve 
Shearson access capital meet stiffer international 
competition joint statement American Express brokerage unit 
actions consideration integral American Express worldwide 
financial services strategy statement American Express 
Shearson internal external discussions matter final decision 
reached American Express statement comment rumours 
circulating Wall Street week Analysts speculation American 
Express sell stake Shearson Japanese firm pct profitable 
brokerage sold public Shearson contributed mln dlrs American 
Express billion dlrs net American Express remained silent 
Thursday Friday rumours drove stock total dlrs days closed 
Friday

=== Dokument 184===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
Japan customs cleared trade surplus days February jumped 
billion dlrs billion year earlier Finance Ministry February 
interim surplus sharply mln dlr surplus January period FOB 
exports rose pct year earlier days February billion CIF 
imports fell pct billion average dollar yen rates exports 
imports exports imports year earlier

=== Dokument 185===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
Nippon Light Metal annual capacity tonnes continue primary 
aluminium production rate tonnes domestic prices water 
supplies hydroelectric power plant company official Nippon 
plans restore output tonnes year working late Japan smelter 
smelting April high power costs prices stopped smelting 
February

=== Dokument 186===
Miejsce: west-germany
Treść:
onslaught paper mark eurobonds issues expected week bankers 
managers planning issue volume Bundesbank week bond calendar 
today week pause manager week borrowings totalled billion 
marks including mln mark private placement Deutsche Bank 
Issues February rose billion marks billion January heavy 
volume meant borrowers addresses accept higher coupons mark 
market good good coupon manager government borrowers 
reception bonds conditions mark eurobonds launched Tuesday 
bonds Den Danske Bank Iceland trading fees Friday prices 
recovered initial lows Den Danske bond quoted midday Friday 
compared par price Iceland pct bond traded issue price mln 
mark pct issue Nippon Telegraph Telephone depressed traded 
Friday fees par price shorter maturities contrast year NTT 
Iceland issues year pct bond Hoogovens traded price shorter 
maturity dealers large paper brought market months led 
syndicate managers complain Bundesbank fixed calendar 
inflexible mark denominated eurobonds registered Bundesbank 
week preceding week issue period bank decline issue bond 
requested day calendar wait calendar period schedule bond 
managers prefer abolish Bundesbank shortened reporting 
period weeks weeks July expect calendar completely abolished 
Bundesbank banking analyst rid analyst adding banks capable 
regulating volume issues Bundesbank plays passive role 
setting calendar regulate issues registration gauge volume 
mark bonds euromarket reason managers foresee Bundesbank 
sacrificing calendar Bond activity West German bond trading 
syndication departments expected quieter normal carnival 
holiday Carnival close banks Duesseldorf day Monday 
Frankfurt banks close Tuesday afternoon

=== Dokument 187===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
NTT expects profits fall billion yen year March projected 
billion year company Total sales period expected rise 
billion yen projected billion year NTT business operations 
plan submitted Post Telecommunications Ministry NTT plans 
capital investments billion yen including billion 
development total billion year NTT spokesman increased 
competition entrants telecommunications field sales tax 
scheduled introduced January major factors projected 
decrease profits Japanese telecommunications industry 
deregulated

=== Dokument 188===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
Japan external reserves rose record billion dlrs February 
previous record billion January Finance Ministry February 
reserves year billion dlrs January nation foreign reserves 
largest monthly increase billion dlrs massive Bank Japan 
dollar buying intervention month dollar fell time yen 
January foreign exchange dealers

=== Dokument 189===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Talks coffee export quotas International Coffee Organization 
ICO special council session resume noon gmt today minute 
decision early morning extend meeting hours ICO officials 
member contact group meet midday examine ideas council 
convene extension ditch effort Colombia salvage talks late 
yesterday looked perilously close agreement quotas delegates

=== Dokument 190===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Caisse des Collectives Locales CAECL issuing billion yen 
eurobond March paying pct priced pct lead manager Mitsubishi 
Trust International bond denominations mln yen listed 
Luxembourg selling concession pct management underwriting 
combined pays pct payment March

=== Dokument 191===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
subsidiary advanced negotiations manufacturers banks lease 
engines deal lease purchase options Boeing planes Rolls 
Royce engines fitted Boeing Delivery

=== Dokument 192===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
Japanese securities houses issue corporate bonds accept 
issue requests month month introduce competitive 
underwriting method April bring Japanese firms Tokyo bond 
market securities managers Domestic issues slowed trickle 
companies turn flexible overseas markets cash proposed moves 
expected pave review public bond issues Relaxation issue 
rules applied straight corporate bonds convertible bonds 
warrant bonds issuers effectively overseas markets Nikko 
Securities house bond manager Securities houses launch issue 
days corporate declaration intent days securities managers 
Underwriters expected abolish lump sum issuance corporate 
bonds issued month accept issue requests month Securities 
houses plan introduce free competition underwriters 
negotiating issuers terms order reflect market securities 
managers Market participants expect issue methods applied 
April projected issue called proposal method abolishes 
practice lead managership enables market oriented decisions 
terms securities sources major Japanese securities houses 
turns underwriting corporate bonds Setting issue terms 
financial criteria prepared securities houses reference 
coupon rates latest public bonds automatic moves based wide 
ranging proposals late December advisers Finance Minister 
Kiichi Miyazawa aimed revitalising domestic corporate bond 
market securities house managers finance ministry 
commissioned banks securities houses agreed January 
eligibility ceiling companies wanting issue straight 
convertible bonds March securities managers cut double 
number corporations issues straight bonds convertibles 
securities managers Bond Market Committee Securities 
Exchange Council recommended introduction shelf registration 
corporate ratings systems simplification disclosure rules 
speed issuing process securities sources called major review 
commissioned bank increases cost issuing domestic bonds 
deregulation private placements proposals time sources shelf 
registration revision Japanese commercial law expected 
sources

=== Dokument 193===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Merrill Lynch issuing mln Ecu eurobond March paying pct 
priced pct lead manager Banque Paribas Capital Markets 
Merrill Lynch Capital Markets manager issue denominations 
Ecus listed Luxembourg payment March selling concession pct 
management underwriting combined pays pct

=== Dokument 194===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
SHV United Kingdom Holding making tender offer mln ordinary 
shares Imperial Continental Gas Association statement offer 
basis IC Gas ordinary stg nominal IC Gas loan stock SHV 
holds mln IC Gas ordinary stock units representing pct 
current issued share capital Successful completion offer 
increase SHV stake IC Gas mln shares representing pct issued 
share capital offer capitalises IC Gas billion stg tendering 
ordinary stock loan stock fully converted total mln IC Gas 
ordinary making tender offer Rothschilds IC Gas statement 
SHV tender offer terms considered statement

=== Dokument 195===
Miejsce: france
Treść:
Nobel Financiere Robur issuing French franc domestic bonds 
share warrants announcements Official Bulletin BALO Nobel 
issuing mln franc year bond pct coupon franc denominations 
existing shareholders subscription rights ratio bond shares 
held nominal franc bonds carry warrants subscribe franc 
Nobel share francs June Payment April stage operation 
company issue mln franc nominal shares price francs ratio 
shares existing franc nominal shares company capital mln 
francs mln separate operation Financiere Robur issuing mln 
French franc year bond pct coupon denominated franc units 
priced par Payment April existing shareholders preferential 
subscribe issue ratio bond shares held March March bond 
carry warrants subscribe January March Financiere Robur 
share price francs

=== Dokument 196===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Bank England forecast shortage mln stg money market today 
main factors liquidity bills maturing official hands 
treasury bills drain billion stg Partly offsetting outflow 
exchequer transactions fall note circulation add mln stg mln 
stg addition bankers balances target add mln stg today

=== Dokument 197===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone leave office summer 
opposition controversial tax reform package political 
analysts Nakasone reputation skilled politician suffered 
irreparable damage support pct sales tax planned January 
Nakasone carry drastic tax reform administration impossible 
irresponsible politican Rei Shiratori professor politics 
Dokkyo University told

=== Dokument 198===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
combined profits Japan major corporations excluding 
financial institutions forecast fall pct year March compared 
pct decline projected late November Wako Institute Economics 
private body statement firms listed Tokyo Stock Exchange 
foresee pct fall sales year pct fall estimated November 
Current profits projected fall pct sales increasing pct 
Rationalisation measures manufacturing industries cope yen 
sharp rise brighten business outlook institute rates 
expected reduce corporate borrowing costs improved 
performance outlook Earnings performance sector supported 
firm demand real estate construction businesses forecast 
based average exchange rate estimates yen dollar yen

=== Dokument 199===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Beecham Group Plc subsidiary launched prescription medicine 
reduction pain inflammation caused rheumatoid osteoarthritis 
launch place simultaneously West Germany drug approved 
Nabumetone introduced doctors brand Relifex Arthaxan West 
Germany

=== Dokument 200===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
Bank Japan decided policy board meeting promote rate 
liberalisation lowering minimum denomination regulation free 
large deposits raising rate ceiling money market 
certificates MMCs central bank official guideline April bank 
guideline minimum denomination regulation free large 
deposits lowered mln yen mln rate ceiling MMCs maturities 
year years set percentage point prevailing certificate 
deposit rate bank ceiling MMCs maturities year remain 
percentage point CD rates minimum denomination MMCs lowered 
mln yen mln bank time deposit rates lowered point effective 
March point cut official discount rate February rates year 
year deposits banks pct pct annum Demand deposit rates 
remain

=== Dokument 201===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Tesco Plc issuing mln stg convertible eurobond February 
paying coupon pct priced par lead manager Credit Suisse 
Boston issue callable days pct declining pct annum par 
callable share price exceeds pct conversion price Final 
terms set March deal investor option years priced investor 
annual yield pct selling concession pct management 
underwriting pay pct payment March short coupon period issue 
denominations stg listed London

=== Dokument 202===
Miejsce: france
Treść:
French railway company Ste Nationale des Chemins Fer 
Francaise SNCF issuing billion French franc domestic bond 
tranches bond issuing committee Details issue announced 
listed Official Bulletin BALO March issue Banque Nationale 
Paris Caisse Nationale Credit Agricole Societe Marseillaise 
Credit

=== Dokument 203===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Fiat Finance Trade issuing mln dlr eurobond April pct pct 
lead manager Morgan Stanley International issue guaranteed 
Internazionale Fiat Holding SA accompanied currency warrant 
package bond denominations dlrs listed Luxembourg Payment 
bond warrants April selling concession pct management 
underwriting combined pays pct warrants dlrs entitle holder 
buy minimum dlrs rate marks dlr warrants exercisable April 
payment March minimum warrants exercised listed Luxembourg

=== Dokument 204===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Bank England broad measure Money supply Sterling rose 
seasonally adjusted pct January pct rise December unadjusted 
year year rise pct pct year December narrow measure money 
supply fell seasonally adjusted pct January rose pct year 
year Bank figures confirm provisional data issued Bank weks 
December grew seasonally adjusted pct adjusted pct year year 
Bank sterling bank lending grew adjusted billion stg January 
confirmed provisional figures issued February measure 
private sector liquidity fell pct January seasonal 
adjustment rose pct Bank Bank public sector contribution 
growth Sterling contractionary billion stg Public Sector 
Borrowing Requirement PSBR repayment billion stg private 
sector holdings government debt fell billion stg fall mln 
stg notes coin January fall billion stg bearing sight 
deposits rise billion stg bearing sight deposits Bank

=== Dokument 205===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Bank England revised forecast shortage money market mln stg 
original estimate mln

=== Dokument 206===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
Japanese consumers hesitated buying controversial digital 
audio tape player DAT sale Tokyo today DAT player perfect 
sound success cheaper sound great wait machines hit market 
prices fall yen buying Terumi Fujitsuka steel firm employee 
Aiwa Sharp Matsushita displayed DAT players today delivery 
weeks retailers Aiwa machine cheapest listed yen Machines 
Sony Hitachi Toshiba early March industry sources DAT 
players play record fidelity superior compact disc cassette 
size standard audio cassette conventional analogue machines 
copies infinite number times loss sound quality aroused 
fears music industry widespread tape piracy loss royalties 
negotiations delayed DAT player debut industry demanded 
circuitry built machines Machines sold Japan fitted chip 
prevent copying digital signal copies signal routed regular 
amplifier difference salesman DAT players Western markets 
countries banning imposing heavy duties tougher circuitry 
Japanese hardware makers hard pressed profits era high yen 
growing competition eager carve profitable niche Prices DAT 
players fall yen year makers products market industry 
analysts sales reach mln units year Philips Netherlands 
launch DAT player market year

=== Dokument 207===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Bank England money market mln stg assistance morning session 
compares Bank downward revised estimate shortfall today mln 
stg central bank purchased bank bills outright comprising 
mln stg band pct mln stg band pct

=== Dokument 208===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
started current financial year accounts months showing 
healthy increase period year Chairman Green told annual 
meeting looked optimism issue mln shares ADR form completed 
Carlton intended increase presence represented pct 
television market Conditions worldwide television industry 
continued buoyant Chairman

=== Dokument 209===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
Japan appears resolved encourage domestic demand goods 
relying exports support economy Jean Claude Paye Director 
General Organization Economic Cooperation Development OECD 
told news conference Paye Japan exchanging views problems 
confronting economy role OECD met Prime Minister Yasuhiro 
Nakasone Foreign Minister Tadashi Kuranari Bank Japan 
Governor Satoshi Sumita high ranking Japanese officials

=== Dokument 210===
Miejsce: france
Treść:
French owned chemicals group Rhone Poulenc increase capital 
billion franc issue preferential investment certificates 
March Company chairman Jean Rene Fourtou mln francs issue 
Details issue announced Finance Minister Edouard Balladur 
March group privatised unspecified January planning capital 
increase pursue development strategy acquisitions Rhone 
Poulenc shares suspended trading Paris Bourse Thursday 
capital increase group capital stands billion francs Fourtou 
speaking news conference details acquisitions company 
planned acquisitions complement industrial investment 
program billion francs spending billion francs Rhone Poulenc 
spent billion francs acquisitions year Chemistry face 
opportunities seized Fourtou

=== Dokument 211===
Miejsce: france
Treść:
French inflation rate expected substantial improvement 
February January high pct monthly rate Finance Minister 
Edouard Balladur told French television interviewer high 
January rise year year inflation month pct higher oil prices 
account inflation forecast price rises year pct Balladur 
upward revision inflation target government initially set 
pct year affect wage expectations year reason envisage 
change wage policy referring government aim holding public 
sector wage increases pct year Price inflation year fell pct 
pct

=== Dokument 212===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
economy continued expand February slower pace January spurt 
activity National Association Purchasing Management NAPM 
report Association composite survey declined pct February 
pct January NAPM seventh consecutive month leading indicator 
pct reading pct generally economy expanding phase pct 
implies declining economy report based questions asked 
purchasing managers industrial companies growth rate orders 
production slowed February production remained vigorous 
times members reported worse Vendor deliveries improved 
month members reported steel supplies tight Steel gradually 
resumed production equal number members reported inventories 
higher NAPM happened August sixth month purchasers reported 
paying higher prices time ratio Robert Bretz chairman NAPM 
business survey committee director materials management 
Pitney Bowes economy continued expand February subdued rate 
January slowing orders dampen prospects respectable quarter 
composite seasonally adjusted figure based components NAPM 
business survey orders production vendor deliveries 
inventories employment

=== Dokument 213===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
American Motors Corp broke talks aimed extending life car 
assembly plant union rejected final proposal wage 
concessions Negotiations continued midnight Friday deadline 
ended Saturday United Auto Workers negotiators voted reject 
unspecified concessions AMC spokesman telephone Milwaukee 
site talks agreement labor costs AMC phase vehicle 
production complex Kenosha Wisconsin

=== Dokument 214===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Scientific Micro Systems acquired Supermac Technology 
rapidly growing supplier enhancement products disc drive 
subsystems Apple personal market Scientific Micro acquired 
common stock Supermac exchange mln shares common stock stock 
closed dlrs bid Friday Supermac privately held firm based 
Mountain View California Scientific Micro reported net 
profit dlrs revenue mln dlrs fiscal expects revenue double

=== Dokument 215===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
American Express rumored spinoff Shearson Lehman Brothers 
studying range options brokerage unit improve Shearon access 
capital meet broadening international competition joint 
statement American Express Shearson actions consideration 
integral American Express worldwide financial services 
strategy companies internal external discussions matters 
American Express decision reached strategic options Shearson 
ultimately decide follow growth plans place week rumors 
circulated Wall Street financial services giant spinoff 
Shearson speculation selling stake Japanese firm Analysts 
speculation focused American Express selling pct profitable 
brokerage firm public speculation American Express 
considered total spinoff Shearson plan considered highly 
analysts American Express statement Sunday comment rumors 
speculation spokesman statement company remained silent 
Thursday Friday rumors drove American Express stock total 
dlrs days bring Friday close issued statement Sunday 
statement circulated employees Analysts divided sense 
American Express stake wholly owned brokerage improved tax 
earnings pct year analysts American Express spinning 
Shearson concerned stock price fully reflect brokerage firm 
Shearson contributed mln dlrs American Express billion dlr 
net American Express ambitious plans international growth 
enhanced cash spinning Shearson bring Analysts speculated 
Shearson market billion dlrs capital puzzling American 
Express position raise capital Larry Eckenfelder Prudential 
Bache Securities Analysts rumors fed reorganization Shearson 
management Wednesday Chief operating officer Jeffrey Lane 
vacant post president reorganization created positions 
chairmen Shearson operating divisions analysts speculated 
Shearson stand company Analysts contacted Sunday statement 
clarify week market speculation confirm financial services 
firm unsuccessfully attempted expand Shearson major 
acquisition year walls growth positioning global market 
competition Late year Shearson takeover offer Hutton Group 
rejected Hutton analysts speculation Shearson rebuffed 
approached major Wall Street brokerage

=== Dokument 216===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Federal Loan Bank Board FHLBB announced savings loan 
association failures Kansas Colorado raising total FHLBB 
closed Federal Savings Loan Association Beloit Kansas 
transferred desposits assets Savings Association Federal mln 
dlrs assets closed insolvent FHLBB insolvency Key Englewood 
Colo receivorship replaced Key Savings Loan Association 
management

=== Dokument 217===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Ropak Corp received accepted common shares Series 
convertible preferred shares Buckhorn dlrs dlrs response 
tender offer expired Friday owns pct Buckhorn voting power 
company owned common preferred shares starting hostile 
tender Ropak borrowing funds needed buy Buckhorn shares bank 
lender funds bank committed provide margin loan Ropak waived 
minimum acceptance requirements buy shares intends evaluate 
number ways completing acquisition Buckhorn hopes Buckhorn 
board reevaluate position enter meaningful negotiations

=== Dokument 218===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Apple today addition machines profitable Macintosh personal 
computers aimed business market Macintosh introduced January 
upgraded times machines Macintosh SE Macintosh II faster 
versatile considerably expensive earlier models Mac SE SE 
stands expansion Apple operate pct faster current Mac sale 
today carries suggested retail price ranging dlrs depending 
features Mac II designed times faster Mac ready shipping 
priced dlrs Mac market year sells dlrs computers unveiled 
AppleWorld Conference Los Angeles Company officials 
expressed high hopes computers press briefing Friday high 
performance Mac II designed Apple entree expanding market 
science engineering workstations John Sculley Apple chairman 
chief executive officer declined estimate anticipated sales 
Mac SE contribute Apple year appeal mainstream PC users Mac 
SE product choice people sense real power product revenue 
Bruce Lupatkin senior technology analyst Hambrecht Quist San 
Francisco computers expected products Apple recognized 
convergence functions general purpose workstation told

=== Dokument 219===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
port Philadelphia closed Cypriot oil tanker Seapride II 
aground hitting foot tower supporting power lines river 
Coast Guard spokesman oil spill ship lodged rocks Hope Creek 
nuclear power plant Jersey port closed today hoped refloat 
ship high tide delivering oil refinery Paulsboro Jersey ship 
lost steering hit power transmission carrying power nuclear 
plant Delaware

=== Dokument 220===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Penril Corp seeking sell Triplett Electrical Instrument Corp 
subsidiary Bluffton Ohio Triplett Alltest division Hoffman 
Estates plan concentrate profitable division reduce debt 
load company evaluating plan satisfy obligations pct 
subordinated notes details notes today Penril director 
Clifford Alexander resigned board reason Penril shareholders 
annual meeting approved limitation directors liability

=== Dokument 221===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
LL Royalty Trust Louisiana Land Exploration working owner 
oil natural gas properties entitled start placing revenues 
accrue trust LL Louisiana Land escrowed amounts monitor 
siutuation determine necessity trust working owner escrow 
funds royalties paid trust Royalties properties trust source 
income trust independent petroleum engineers preliminary 
annual estimates future net revenues discounted future net 
revenues proved oil natural gas reserves attributable 
properties trust pct pct estimated drop oil natural gas 
prices oil natural gas reserves increased physical cost 
estimates reflect prices costs September trust September 
figures engineers determined estimated future net revenues 
trust total proved reserves mln dlrs Usingprices received 
January estimate mln dlrs LL weakening prices January trust 
portion drop estimated future revenues cale Jay Field 
Alabama Florida fall mln dlrs mln dlrs prices recieved Jay 
September production costs expenses nitrogen injection

=== Dokument 222===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Dale Burdett faces damages claims totalling dlrs owners 
Burdett Publications company February predecessor Nolex 
Development acquired Burdett Publications exchange mln 
common shares Burdett Publications shares transaction 
qualified California Department Corporations result Burdett 
Publications owners claim damages Dale Burdett successor 
Nolex yuear starting January damages measured difference 
values shares exchanged February

=== Dokument 223===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Jersey based overnight messenger Purolator Courier Corp 
agreed acquired mln dlrs company formed Hutton LBO managers 
Purolator courier business Analysts Purolator sale time 
Purolator announced earlier mulling takeover bid analysts 
wrongly predicted offer courier company Hutton LBO wholly 
owned subsidiary Hutton Group majority owner company Hutton 
acquiring company PC Acquisition paying dlrs cash share pct 
Purolator stock tender offer Thursday rest shares purchased 
securities warrants buy stock subsidiary PC Acquisition 
Purolator courier operations shares Purolator tendered 
shareholders receive share dlrs cash dlrs debentures warrant 
buy shares subsidiary PC Acquisition courier operations 
Hutton merger shareholders mln dlrs aggregate guaranteed 
debentures PC Acquisition warrants buy pct common stock PC 
courier subsidiary Hutton company valued warrants dlrs share 
Purolator stock price closed dlrs Friday analysts estimated 
company worth mid worth dlrs sales Purolator units agreed 
sell Canadian Courier unit Onex Capital mln dlrs sold auto 
filters business Purolator retains Stant division closure 
caps radiators gas tanks Hutton spokesman firm reviewing 
options Stant Purolator courier business lagging rivals high 
price paid years add air delivery ground fleet Hutton 
provide mln dlrs funds complete transaction called bridge 
financing replaced long term debt form bank loans Hutton 
Hutton LBO committed keeping courier business president 
Warren Idsal Purolator lost mln dlrs years courier 
operations management turning belive competitor future Idsal 
William Taggart chief executive officer Courier division 
chief executive officer company tender offer conditioned 
minimum thirds common stock tendered withdrawn expiration 
offer conditions offer Thursday subject clearances staff 
Interstate Commerce Commission expire business days 
commencement extended

=== Dokument 224===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Rotterdam licensed NCR Corp produce sell products services 
token ring technology

=== Dokument 225===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Imperial Chemical Industries PLC forming pharmaceuticals 
unit called ICI Pharma Combined sales Imperial existing 
Stuart Pharmaceuticals unit ICI Pharma projected billion 
dlrs company Stuart sales mln dlrs Imperial plans introduce 
drugs including diprivan anaesthetic zestril heart drug 
years ICI Pharma Stuart operate separate units ICI 
Pharmaceuticals Group Stuart Pharmaceuticals ICI Pharma 
sales mln dlrs mln dlrs ICI Pharma mln dlrs Stuart officials 
combined sales force sales people split equally units larger 
existing sales force Stuart Regulatory approval annesthetic 
diprivan expected late zestril hypertension heart drug 
approved mid late company officials Approval oth drugs 
including statil treatment diabetic complications expected 
officials

=== Dokument 226===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Financial Corp Santa Barbara signed definitive agreement 
purchase Stanwell Financial lending operations unit mortgage 
banking company undisclosed terms

=== Dokument 227===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Chicago agreed purchase Santa Barbara Biltmore Hotel 
Marriott Corp undisclosed venture rename hotel Seasons 
Biltmore Santa Barbara invest mln dlrs improvements room 
property

=== Dokument 228===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
DH Technology repurchased shares cofounder Helmut Falk dlrs 
Falks sold shares venture capital firm TA Associates price 
company Falk resigned chairman DHL owns shares TA owns 
shares company Falk remain board agreed sell remaining 
shares year company consent president chief executive 
officer William Gibb assumed post chairman

=== Dokument 229===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
asset backed debt securities market grew explosively year 
broadening investment bankers variety issuers interesting 
note asset backed deals year commercial banks Anthony Dub 
heads Boston Corp asset backed group BankAmerica Corp Bank 
America unit week issued mln dlrs securities backed credit 
card receivables sole manager Boston Dub offering sold 
institutional investors Bank America offering January issue 
mln dlrs debt RepublicBank Corp RepublicBank Delaware unit 
Goldman Sachs books deal Boston acting Dub Bank America 
securities closely called cars deals raced market year 
RepublicBank securities RepublicBank issue secured credit 
card receivables contrast Bank America deal public offering 
credit card receivables grantor trust vehicle grantor trust 
investors buy asset backed certificates represent percentage 
undivided trust analysts explained Bank America certificates 
issued California Credit Card Trust bank established single 
purpose investment bankers pointed debt average life years 
matures Boston issue pct coupon priced yield pct basis 
points comparable Treasury securities life deal rated AAA 
Moody Standard Poor Underwriters syndicate believed Bank 
America deal priced aggressively AAA rated auto paper 
trading basis points Treasuries Boston priced deal Dub 
offering sold Boston executive attributed deal flight rating 
agencies year cars deals rated Investors receive payments 
months principal payments remaining months Dub detailed 
Investment bankers pointed Bank America deal pay principal 
year issue longer average life cars deals brought market 
late year collateral trust includes pool VISA credit card 
receivables backed letter credit Bank America billion dlrs 
credit card receivables making biggest analysts week deal 
Bank America foray young asset backed securities market 
analysts Bank America sold California Cars Grantor Trust mln 
dlrs certificates backed automobile receivables Salomon 
Brothers Upcoming asset backed issues include mln dlrs notes 
backed car leases Volvo Lease Finance Corp unit Volvo 
Finance North America Boston mln dlrs notes secured sales 
contracts Mack Trucks Receivables Corp unit Mack Trucks 
Shearson Lehmand Brothers asset backed market began March 
totals estimated billion dlrs

=== Dokument 230===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
ILC Technology Raymond Montoya vice president finance 
removed officer terminated employee company ILC filed civil 
action recover alleged improprer disbursements company funds 
company Montoya arrested police Hawthorne charged grand 
theft embezzlement extent disbursements determined 
independent auditor helping assess alleged irregularities 
company

=== Dokument 231===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Apple introduced models Macintosh personal Macintosh II SE 
offering users ability flexibly configure systems suit 
expand systems grow Apple Macintosh II features high 
performance open architecture designed advanced applications 
Macintosh II priced dlrs dlrs internal printed circuit card 
slots adding multiple functions including optional color 
display network connections MS DOS compatibility company 
Apple Macintosh SE priced dlrs dlrs internal storage 
capacity additional slot functions

=== Dokument 232===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Investor David La Roche North Kingstown offering purchase 
common shares NECO Enterprises dlrs successful completion 
offer shares owns pct NECO common shares La Roche buy NECO 
shares offer withdrawal rights expire EST gmt March

=== Dokument 233===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Period ended December Oper shr loss dlrs loss cts Oper loss 
loss Revs Note Current shr net exclude extraordinary gain 
dlrs cts shr extraordinary gain dlrs cts shr

=== Dokument 234===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Occidental Petroleum Corp MidCon Corp subsidiary redeem 
March dlrs outstanding pct convertible subordinated 
debentures pct par payable March paid usual manner holders 
record March debentures convert common stock dlrs share 
shares dlrs principal March Holders converting March 
entitled receive Occidental regular quarterly dividend cts 
share common stock payable April company holders 
surrendering debentures conversion March surrendering 
conversion March required pay conversion agent equal 
paytable debentures March

=== Dokument 235===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Viacom International received revised merger offers company 
special committee plans meet today review offers Viacom 
National Amusements Arsenal Holdings raised offer Viacom 
shares held National Amusements areas National Amusements 
holds pct Viacom stock cash offer raised dlrs dlrs Viacom 
share offered February fraction share exchangeable preferred 
offered increased dlrs share dlrs rate increase cash merger 
delayed April raised pct pct pct Viacom spokesman Arsenal 
Holdings offer continues include pct Arsenal Viacom 
shareholders Viacom MCV Holdings group includes company 
senior management Equitable Life Assurance Society United 
raised offer increasing preferred offered dlrs dlrs share 
raising ownership company held Viacom shareholders pct pct 
MCV called previous offer February final proposed revision 
agreement Viacom

=== Dokument 236===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Dow Chemical issue mln Swiss franc denominated bonds worth 
mln dlrs current exchange rates year bonds carry coupon pct 
sold European investors pct face Dow Proceeds offering 
refinance existing debt Underwriters led Union Bank 
Switzerland bonds listed stock exchanges Basle Berne Geneva 
Lausanne Zurich

=== Dokument 237===
Miejsce: france
Treść:
French Cereals Intervention Board ONIC left estimate French 
July June soft wheat deliveries unchanged forecast mln 
tonnes compared deliveries mln tonnes August July Estimated 
maize deliveries left unchanged ONIC previous forecast 
February mln tonnes mln previous season Barley deliveries 
unchanged mln tonnes mln

=== Dokument 238===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Writers Guild America members struck news staffs CBS Capital 
Cities ABC morning negotiations contract broke guild 
extensions prior strike deadline morning strike called 
companies refused negotiate guild companies failed final 
offer table money offer deviate original proposals guild 
gutted union contract guild networks demanded terminate 
employees lay arbitration hiring temporary employees replace 
staffer employees guild represents newswriters editors desk 
assistants researchers production assistants promotion 
writers graphic artists strike unions York Chicago 
Washington Los Angeles Picketing commence corporate 
headquarters York locations guild

=== Dokument 239===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr dlrs dlrs Net Revs mln mln Avg shrs Year Shr dlrs dlrs 
Net Sales mln mln Avg shrs

=== Dokument 240===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
received accepted common shares Penn Traffic response dlr 
share tender offer expired Friday shares owned pct Penn 
Traffic company Penn Traffic expected hold special 
shareholders meeting month approve merger Miller Tabak 
tender price Miller Tabak representatives named Penn Traffic 
board March serve directors Penn Traffic president chief 
executive officer Guido Malacarne company received financing 
transaction National Bank Minneapolis Salomon

=== Dokument 241===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Coffee quota talks International Coffee Organization council 
meeting continued afternoon producers consumers reached 
common ground key issue estimate export quotas delegates 
member contact group examining Colombian proposal resume 
quotas April ad hoc historically pledge meet September 
discuss quotas worked future Delegates speculate prospects 
agreement time happen delegate

=== Dokument 242===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
introduced commercial paper program authorization mln dlrs 
agents Wood Gundy Net proceeds sale notes general corporate 
purposes replace existing outstanding debt company elaborate 
financial terms issue

=== Dokument 243===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Waste Management Corp board voted stock split payable April 
record March action Waste Management directors approved 
increase quarterly dividend cts cts payable April record 
March

=== Dokument 244===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Porex Technologies Corp board declared initial annual 
dividend cts share payout payable March holders record March

=== Dokument 245===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Davis Water Waste Industries board declared pct stock 
dividend payable March holders record March

=== Dokument 246===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Medco Containment Services board declared initial annual 
dividend cts share payout payable March holders record March

=== Dokument 247===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Pittston tentatively agreed acquire WTC International tax 
free exchange stock Pittston agreed exchange common share 
WTC common shares outstanding Pittston WTC principal 
shareholders pct stock parties agreement granted Pittston 
refusal shares WTC granted Pittston option buy WTC shares 
equal poct outstanding stock agreement subject approval 
boards WTC shareholders Pittston WTC fast growing air 
freight forwarding company operations revenues totaled mln 
dlrs year ended November quarter ended earned mln dlrs 
revenues mln dlrs Pittston Burlington Air Express subsidiary 
generates thirds mln dlrs annual revenes domestic air 
freight services

=== Dokument 248===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
earlier reporting increased month operating loss cost 
control review underway result cost reduction elimination 
unprofitable products services company operating loss months 
ended December increased mln dlrs loss mln dlrs prior year 
earlier Revenues increased pct mln dlrs year earlier mln 
dlrs

=== Dokument 249===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr loss cts Loss Revs Note initial public listing December

=== Dokument 250===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Bank England offered borrowing facilities discount houses 
wishing GMT Bank money market mln stg assistance afternoon 
session bringing total today mln stg compares forecast 
shortage today mln stg central bank purchased bank bills 
outright comprising mln stg band pct mln stg band pct mln 
stg band pct Money market dealers Bank England offer 
borrowing facilities signal early reduction Base lending 
rates Bank lending discount houses rates higher prevailing 
money market dealing rates

=== Dokument 251===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Electronic Mail Corp America efforts secure additional 
financing expansion fallen company prospects financing 
sources efforts continue company operations wil continue 
efforts Negotiations undisclosed company onging months 
company

=== Dokument 252===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Caisse Centrale Desjardins du Quebec issuing billion yen 
step eurobond maturing March priced pct joint bookrunner 
Warburg Securities issues pays coupon pct years pays coupon 
pct years selling concession pct management underwriting 
combined pays pct payment March issue listed Luxembourg 
borrower wholesale financing arm major group credit unions 
Province Quebec

=== Dokument 253===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Oper shr cts cts Qtly div cts cts prior Oper net Sales mln 
mln NOTE Prior year net excludes loss discontinued 
operations dlrs Company common shares outstanding reflecting 
retirement shares start restructurining August Dividend pay 
April record April

=== Dokument 254===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Caisse Centrale Desjardins du Quebec issuing billion yen 
step eurobond maturing March priced pct joint bookrunner 
Warburg Securities issues pays coupon pct years pays coupon 
pct years selling concession pct management underwriting 
combined pays pct payment March issue listed Luxembourg 
borrower wholesale financing arm major group credit unions 
Province Quebec

=== Dokument 255===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Oper shr dlrs dlrs Oper net mln mln Sales billion mln Avg 
shrs mln mln Year Oper shr dlrs dlrs Oper net mln mln Sales 
billion billion Avg shrs mln mln NOTES Operating net 
excludes losses mln dlrs cts share dlrs cts share quarter 
mln dlrs cts share mln dlrs cts share discontinued 
operations includes provision latest quarter mln dlrs 
closing Almys Department Store Operating net latest quarter 
year includes dlrs charge restructuring announced early 
January

=== Dokument 256===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts cts prior qtr Payable April Record March

=== Dokument 257===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Diagnostic Retrieval Systems offer acquire wholly owned unit 
outstanding shares Rospatch Corp common stock dlrs share 
cash mln dlrs DRS warfare systems producer transaction cash 
tender offer pct Rospatch outstanding common stock merger 
Rospatch labels high technology wood producer purchase price 
share DRS deal subject approval Rospatch board tender offer 
expires March

=== Dokument 258===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
AAR Corp Air force exercised option valued mln dlrs Brooks 
Perkins Cadillac manufacturing subsidiary Michigan cargo 
pallet maintenence overhaul

=== Dokument 259===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Productivity business sector fell seasonally adjusted 
revised annual rate pct fourth quarter year Labor department 
department productivity fell pct fourth quarter decline pct 
drop quarter productivity increased pct reflecting rises pct 
quarter pct quarter productivity increased pct department 
fourth quarter output rose pct hours persons increased pct 
Hourly compensation rose pct effectively increase CPI 
account Unit labor costs rose pct implicit price deflator 
business fell pct pct increase quarter Manufacturng 
productivity declined pct pct increase quarter Manufacturing 
output rose pct fourth quarter hours gained pct compensation 
hour pct department Real compensation hour manufacturing 
fell pct fourth quarter inflation account Business 
productivity including farms fell pct fourth quarter pct 
quarter decline pct higher Hourly compensation increased pct 
business sector smal hourly compensation rose pct implicit 
price deflator business rose pct pct rise year earlier 
smallest increase Unit labor costs pct rising pct 
Productivity manufacturing rose pct year rise pct department

=== Dokument 260===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
construction spending rose billion dlrs pct January 
seasonally adjusted rate billion dlrs Commerce Department 
Spending December fell revised billion dlrs pct billion dlrs 
department spending fell pct December department 
construction billion dlrs pct billion dlrs building place 
department January construction spending billion dlrs pct 
January total billion dlrs Residential construction spending 
rose January annual rate billion dlrs billion dlrs December 
Public construction outlays rose successive month billion 
dlrs January billion dlrs December billion dlrs pct higher 
January estimate billion dlrs department department big 
increase public spending occurred highway construction 
outlays rose January billion dlrs billion dlrs December 
constant dlrs January construction outlays rose billion dlrs 
pct December levels department

=== Dokument 261===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Whittaker Corp gain sale discontinued businesses operating 
losses businesses dates disposition defer reporting gain 
restructuring program hsa completed company quarter ended 
January completed divestiture health maintenance 
organization operations Travelers Corp sold Whittar Steel 
Strip operations sold equity investment Bertram Trojan 
affiliate company entered definitive agreements sell 
Whittaker General Medical Corp Bennes MArrel SA France 
Juster Steel Corp company received proceeds mln dlrs 
divestitures funds reduce debt incurred repurchase common 
shares Whittaker today reported quarter earnings continuing 
operations fell dlrs dlrs year year earlier figure excluded 
dlr loss discontinued operations

=== Dokument 262===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Japan Fund received unsolicited offer acting persons 
entities purchase assets fund pct aggregate net asset Japan 
tne deal subject obtaining satisfactory financing diligence 
review proposal referred Board Directors consideration

=== Dokument 263===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Stansbury Mining Corp arranged financing bring vermiculite 
operation year company York investment banking firm Matthews 
Wright arranged dlrs tax free industrial revenue bonds dlrs 
conventional bonds expects produce saleable ore year company 
signed agreement Wright Engineers British Columbia recoup 
cost services Stansbury converting warrants company Wright 
Engineers convert warrants Stansbury common monthly basis 
monthly market dlrs engineering work completed expect 
warrants converted months

=== Dokument 264===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Bank York management RMJ Securities Corp agreed sell pct 
interests RMJ Holding Corp Bank York expects realize 
substantial gain transaction RMJ Holding holding company RMJ 
Securities large broker government securities agency 
obligations Bank York owns majority RMJ Holding management 
RMJ Securities remainder Bank York sale expected completed 
quarter RMJ Securities management continue pct RMJ Holding 
agreement sale remaining British Commonwealth years

=== Dokument 265===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Corning Glass Works exchange ratio announced acquisition 
Hazleton Laboratories Corp established Corning common share 
Hazleton common share Corning prospectus merger expected 
mailed tomorrow Hazleton holders record February Hazleton 
shareholders vote proposed merger special meeting March

=== Dokument 266===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Xerox Corp handle calls hour store hours messages Voice 
Message Exchange product ports designed serve users company 
compatible company entire voice message exchange Xerox 
rented annually option purchase starting dlrs month 
purchased dlrs

=== Dokument 267===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Bally Manufacturing Corp completed acquisition Golden Nugget 
Casino Hotel Atlantic City Jersey Golden Nugget Bally 
acquired Golden Nugget parcels real estate Atlantic City 
transaction included mln dlrs cash stock assumption mln dlrs 
mortgage

=== Dokument 268===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Oper shr cts cts Oper net Revs mln Avg shrs Year Oper shr 
cts cts Oper net Revs mln mln Avg shrs NOTE Net excludes 
investment gains dlrs dlrs quarter dlrs dlrs year year net 
excludes dlr tax credit Share adjusted reverse split 
November

=== Dokument 269===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Canada industrial product price rose pct January falling pct 
previous months Statistics Canada rise led price gains 
papers pharmaceuticals petroleum coal products Price 
declines recorded meat products lumber motor vehicles year 
year basis federal agency fell pct January largest yearly 
decline record

=== Dokument 270===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Oliver Stores decided reorganize Chapter federal bankruptcy 
laws file petition week company failed reach agreement 
primary lenders Manufacturers Hanover Corp Midlantic Corp 
debt restructuring Manufacturers declared company default 
demanded repayment mln dlrs debt

=== Dokument 271===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Howen Owners Federal Savings Loan Association stockholders 
approved amendment charter increasing number authorized 
common mln shares mln number authorized preferred shares mln 
mln

=== Dokument 272===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Commerzbank Overseas Finance NV issuing mln stg eurobond 
March paying pct priced pct joint lead manager Samuel 
Montagu Commerzbank AG joint lead bond denominations stg 
listed London selling concession pct management underwriting 
combined pays pct payment March

=== Dokument 273===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Nuclear Data bank lenders agreed extend secured loan 
agreement June agreement covers mln dlrs short term debt 
scheduled expire February Terms extension require Nuclear 
Data replacement financing sources June company unable fails 
achieve projected operating required divest assets retire 
debt months fiscal year ended November Nuclear Data reported 
loss mln dlrs dlrs share revenues mln dlrs Nuclear Data 
cited improvement printed circuit board sales confident 
replacement financing action Nuclear Data set mln dlrs 
reserve cover revaluation domestic medical inventory 
redirection medical sales efforts reserve offset decline 
dollar Danish Kroner factors adversely sales Danish 
manufactured medical products market Nuclear Data

=== Dokument 274===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net Sales mln mln Avg shrs mln Year Shr cts cts 
Net Sales mln mln Avg shrs mln

=== Dokument 275===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Dow Chemical judge Jersey Superior Court Monmouth County 
granted Merrell Dow Pharmaceuticals unit motion directed 
verdict favor case alleging morning sickness drug Bendectin 
caused child birth defects Merrell Dow plaintiffs completed 
presentation evidence Judge Marshall Selikoff granted 
company motion discharged jury grounds tha plaintiffs 
evidence showing drug caused child problems

=== Dokument 276===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Bank Enlgand creating books stg tranche pct Exchequer stock 
issue paid stg pct payable issue stg pct balance April 
dealings place Wednesday March initial reaction dealers mark 
prices point easier market untapped prior announcement

=== Dokument 277===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts cts prior Pay April Record March

=== Dokument 278===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Prime introduced Prime Medusa pc software dimensional 
version Prime Medusa aided design software Prime Prime 
Medusa pc International Business Machines Corp PC operating 
Prime Series minicomputer environment company software 
customers ordering Prime Medusa license Prime series systems 
Prime software costs dlrs license monthly maintenance dlrs 
Prime unveiled Prime Medusa Revision feature developing 
applications alows users associate graphic elements drawing 
sheet Prime Medusa Revision Prime

=== Dokument 279===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div income cts dlrs prior qtr including capital gains 
dlrs Payable March Record February

=== Dokument 280===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Federal Industries earlier announced commercial paper issue 
mln dlrs Canada company spokesman issue underway expected 
completed weeks final issue depends market conditions close 
mln dlrs spokesman

=== Dokument 281===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net Revs mln mln YEAR Shr dlrs cts Net Revs mln 
mln

=== Dokument 282===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
American Nursery Products purchased Miami based Heinl 
Nursery undisclosed terms Heinl Nursery sales mln dlrs owns 
acres shade houses square feet cover greenhouses shipping 
office facilities

=== Dokument 283===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Regency Cruises board elected William Schanz chairman chief 
executive officer replaces Anastasios Kyriakides resigned 
December Schantz served president treasurer director 
inception company elected directors Paul Hermann John Clive 
Bayley Costas Galetakis company replace Paul Wells Douglas 
MacGarvey resigned December director post Regency

=== Dokument 284===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
div income cts cent prior period Payable March Record 
February

=== Dokument 285===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Unocal Corp plans introduce truck lube centers Unocal Auto 
TruckStops nation interstate highways company centers 
national program offer trucks convenient complete lube oil 
change service centers offer point lubrication oil change 
suggested price dlrs trucks Unocal price commercial grages 
truckstops charge areas

=== Dokument 286===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Genzyme Corp Howmedica Rutherford based company owned Pfizer 
agreed initial joint development program company venture 
focus Genzyme proprietary technologies procued hyaluronic 
acid based products orthopedic surgery Hyaluronic acid 
natural water retaining lubricating component body soft 
tissue key body fluids

=== Dokument 287===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Federal Reserve expected enter Government securities market 
add temporary reserves economists expect supply reserves 
indirectly arranging large billion dlrs customer repurchase 
agreements Fed add reserves repurchases Federal funds 
averaged pct Friday opened pct traded pct Funds upward 
pressure settlement sold year notes Treasury tax loan banks

=== Dokument 288===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Cambridge Medical Technology corp signed letter intent 
Panbaxy Laboratories jointly AIDS test company exclusive 
market product worldwide test detect specific viral antigens 
serum blood samples hopes design simplified test

=== Dokument 289===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
VMS Realty Partners agreed acquire Santa Barbara Biltmore 
Hotel California Marriott Corp undisclosed terms Closing 
expected March companies jointly hotel rename Seasons 
Biltmore Santa Barbara spend mln dlrs enhance Biltmore 
position finest resort hotels North America Chicago based 
VMS Realty real estate development firm

=== Dokument 290===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Quaker Oats filed shelf registration Securities Exchange 
Commission covering mln dlrs debt securities company offer 
securites issues time time years Proceeds repay short term 
debt issued connection Quaker Oats acquisitions corporate 
purposes Underwriters include Salomon Brothers Goldman Sachs

=== Dokument 291===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Stone Container Corp splitting common stock increasing 
dividend pct dividend cts share increase cts prior cts share 
shares payable June holders record stock split payable June 
holders record

=== Dokument 292===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shares Temple Inland International Paper rose sharply 
morning recommendation Prudential Bache Securities traders 
Temple Inland jumped International Paper Prudential Bache 
analyst Mark Rogers comment Traders raised recommendation 
Temple Inland buy support earnings outlook dlrs share dlrs 
share company earned dlrs share Traders Rogers reiterated 
recommendation International Paper forest products company 
scored large gains January dollar floundered Rogers expects 
company earn dlrs share dlrs share year company earned dlrs 
share

=== Dokument 293===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Presidential Airways serve cities starts operating 
Continental Express joint marketing agreement Texas Air Corp 
Continental Airlines March base Dulles Airport Washington 
Presidential serve Albany Birmingham Huntsville Alabama 
Columbus Ohio Daytona Beach Melbourne Sarasota Florida 
Indianapolis York Kennedy Airport Philadelphia Portland 
Savannah agreement Presidential continue separate company 
mileage plan services combined Continental Airlines

=== Dokument 294===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net Rev mln mln months Shr cts cts Net Rev mln 
mln

=== Dokument 295===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr loss cts profit cts Net loss profit Revs mln mln NOTE 
Prior year net includes gain sale property dlrs

=== Dokument 296===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
coupon mln dlr equity warrant eurobond Denki set pct 
compared pct lead manager Nikko Securities Europe exercise 
price set yen share representing premium pct today closing 
price yen foreign exchange rate set yen Dollar year deal 
priced par

=== Dokument 297===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Talks today management unions strike Cargill Seaforth 
oilseed crushing plant rescheduled Thursday company 
spokesman Oilseed processing plant halted December workers 
walked protest contract manning levels

=== Dokument 298===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Lotus Development Corp unveiled software product named 
Galaxy complement newly introduced Apple Macintosh II 
Macintosh SE Lotus Galaxy formally introduced summer Lotus 
Galaxy include Command language dynamically linked modules 
software product Macintosh product family enables user 
execute series commands single learned keystroke

=== Dokument 299===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
AMAX Incx identified additional gold silver ore reserves 
AMAX Sleeper Winnemucca result drilling reserves thhe 
estimated short tons ore grading ounce gold ounce silver ton 
treatable conventional milling techniques AMAX additional 
reserves amenable heap leaching estimated mln tons averaging 
ounce gold ounce silver ton drilling conducted

=== Dokument 300===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
study group United increase strategic petroleum reserve mln 
barrels deal future impact oil prices domestic oil industry 
policy raise strategic reserve mln barrels mln protect 
economy overseas embargo sharp price rise Aspen Institute 
Humanistic Studies private group called oil exploration 
development techniques predicted prices remain dlrs barrel 
years rise mid imports pct consumption moves increasing oil 
reserves exploration development guard mitigate risks 
increased imports

=== Dokument 301===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Oper shr profit cts loss dlrs Oper net profit loss Revs mln 
Year Oper shr profit cts loss dlrs Oper net profit loss Revs 
mln mln NOTE Net includes pretax unusual gain dlrs loss dlrs 
quarter losses dlrs dlrs year items include settlement 
patent suit provision investment writeoff item provision 
loss sale scale business net periods excludes dlr tax credit

=== Dokument 302===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Ford Motor increased production schedule quarter cars trucks 
previous plans trade paper Ward Automotive Reports paper 
tracks industry production Ford plans build cars April June 
period compared year Ford production schedule represents pct 
increase previous production plans cars pct trucks Ward

=== Dokument 303===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Federal National Mortgage Association arranged swap mln dlrs 
stripped mortgage backed securities Shearson Lehman Brothers 
exact swap determined Fannie Mae swap includes year 
mortgages Fannie Mae stripped mortgage securities bear pct 
coupon stripped securities consist classes receives 
principal payments underlying pool mortgages receives

=== Dokument 304===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
MCI Communications Corp received contract provide 
telecommunications services Penney accomodate Penney 
nationwide vboice transfer requirements privatge satellite 
network video teleconferencing locations data transmitted 
locations voice service locations company Penney services 
expected exceed mln minutes month voice traffic disclosed

=== Dokument 305===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr dlrs dlrs Net Rev mln mln NOTE net gain property 
investments dlrs cts share dlrs cts share

=== Dokument 306===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Ford Motor increased production schedule quarter cars trucks 
previous plans trade paper Ward Automotive Reports paper 
tracks industry production Ford plans build cars April June 
period compared year Ford production schedule represents pct 
increase previous production plans cars pct trucks Ward

=== Dokument 307===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Investor Sumner Redstone leads groups vying control Viacom 
International offered sweeten bid company dlrs share cash 
dlrs securities filing Securities Exchange Commission 
Redstone controls Dedham based National Amusements theater 
chain operator offered raise cash portion Viacom offer dlrs 
share dlrs Redstone raised face preferred stock offering 
dlrs dlrs Redstone offer Arsenal Holdings National 
Amusements subsidiary set purpose Viacom shareholders share 
Arsenal common stock takeover Viacom earlier today received 
revised takeover bids Redstone MCV Holdings group led Viacom 
management competing Redstone control company formal merger 
agreement Viacom company disclose details revised offers 
special committee board review today Redstone group pct 
stake Viacom management group pct stake agreed buy shares 
company merger completed purchases tender offer outstanding 
stock rivals signed confidentiality agreements access Viacom 
financial records secret filing Redstone estimated cost 
completing takeover billion dlrs Bank America confident 
raise billion dlrs financing raise bank syndicate Bank 
America agreed provide separate mln dlr limited purpose 
partial financing committed provide mln dlrs Redstone 
Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner Smith increased underwriting 
commitment mln dlrs subordinated financing debt Viacom 
takeover mln dlrs agreed underwrite earlier Redstone 
Redstone group contribute mln dlrs equity takeover Redstone 
equity contribution takeover consist group Viacom common 
shares mln dlrs cash offer sweetened deal Redstone proposed 
month long bidding war management newly drawn proposed 
merger documents week management group submitted called 
offer company valued mln dlrs consisting dlrs share cash 
preferred stock valued dlrs share equity company Redstone 
previous offer valued billion dlrs

=== Dokument 308===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
UtiliCorp United completed acquisition West Virginia Power 
Dominion Resources mln dlrs sale approved West Virginia 
Public Service Commission January effective March West 
Virginia management continue responsible operating utility

=== Dokument 309===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Armco European Steel Merchandising department unit parent 
specialty steels division based Butler unit newly named 
Specialty Steels Europe based Cologne West Germany market 
sell Europe division products specialty products Europe

=== Dokument 310===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Federal Aviation Administration fined Delta Air Lines dlrs 
alleged violations federal air safety rules FAA officials 
FAA reviewed Delta safety maintenance operations early year 
series special inspections air carriers Delta fine smallest 
special inspections officials result inspections Eastern Air 
Lines fined record mln dlrs American Airlines penalized mln 
dlrs Pan American Airways dlrs

=== Dokument 311===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
study group United increase strategic petroleum reserve mln 
barrels deal future impact oil prices domestic oil industry 
policy raise strategic reserve mln barrels mln protect 
economy overseas embargo sharp price rise Aspen Institute 
Humanistic Studies private group called oil exploration 
development techniques predicted prices remain dlrs barrel 
years rise mid imports pct consumption study cited basic 
policy paths nation protect industry import fee device 
accept economic benefits cheap oil group option benefits 
drawbacks moves increasing oil reserves exploration 
development guard mitigate risks increased imports

=== Dokument 312===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
NCR Corp Personal division signed agreement distrubute 
personal products stores company agreement covers entire PC 
sold Computerland franchises Computerland Stores major 
corporate bids Computerland National Accounts Program 
Computerland planning direct mail campaign publicity private 
satellite network promote NCR primary products sold 
Computerland stores include compatible unit dual speed model 
PC Retail Management NCR

=== Dokument 313===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Union Carbide Corp acquisitions joint ventures aid chemicals 
plastics growth Lichtenberger president Chemicals Plastics 
Describing major departure company approach commercial 
development told annual business forum Commercial 
Development Association acquisitions joint ventures fastest 
promising routes growth markets identified long Union 
Carbide attitude worth worth Lichtenberger explained times 
exploiting profitable market partner plow resources 
technology link profitably Carbide extended catalyst 
business extending specialty chemicals business

=== Dokument 314===
Miejsce: west-germany
Treść:
Bank America NT SA West German branch negotiating sale 
Bankhaus Centrale Credit AG small local West German bank 
acquired West German Visa credit card operation Michael 
Seibel Bank America regional manager negotiations proceeding 
declined details Bank America West German branch lost mln 
marks result includes profit loss transfers Bankhaus 
Centrale Credit Visa organisation sale units bank worldwide 
restructuring plan

=== Dokument 315===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Semi div cts cts prior Pay March Record March

=== Dokument 316===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Columbia Gas formed Columbia Erie Pipeline Corp subsidiary 
participate Coastal Corp ANR Pipeline construction operation 
Erie Pipeline announced Columbia Gas ANR Pipeline signed 
letter intent form partnership construct operate Erie ANR 
facilities Defiance County Ohio Clinton County Columbia 
specific terms participation spelled partnership agreement 
negotiated days

=== Dokument 317===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Mthly div cts cts prior Pay March Record March

=== Dokument 318===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Mthly div cts cts prior Pay March Record March

=== Dokument 319===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Reynolds Tobacco unit Nabisco formed executive management 
committee oversee company worldwide tobacco operations 
Reynolds Tobacco committee members senior managers Reynolds 
Tobacco Reynolds Tobacco USA Reynolds International Nabisco 
reportedly attempting form master limited partnership 
tobacco unit sold public

=== Dokument 320===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Mthly div cts cts prior Pay March Record March

=== Dokument 321===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Mthly div cts cts prior Pay March Record March

=== Dokument 322===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Mthly div cts cts prior Pay March Record March

=== Dokument 323===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
General Motors Corp GMAC Financial Services plans offer 
billion dlrs credit mln preferred customers nationwide 
direct mail campaign GM unit program largest automotive 
credit offer kind history GMAC Financial Services mailing 
completed early March Selected current GMAC customers 
receive offers credit equal cash selling price vehicles 
financing rounded dlrs group Buick owners receive special 
discount dlrs GM Buick motor division accept GMAC offer 
finance lease Buick

=== Dokument 324===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts cts prior Pay April Record March

=== Dokument 325===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
York Stock Exchange Airgas declined comment stock activity 
request explanation exchange company stock points dlrs

=== Dokument 326===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts cts prior Pay April Record March

=== Dokument 327===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Federal Reserve entered Government securities market arrange 
billion dlrs customer repurchase agreements Fed spokesman 
Dealers Federal funds trading pct Fed began temporary 
indirect supply reserves banking

=== Dokument 328===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Sony doubling capacity Bridgend Wales television components 
factory years mln stg expansion expansion backed Welsh 
office grants Bridgend Sony biggest tv manufacturing plant 
Europe output tv sets year spokesman add jobs Bridgend 
bringing total workforce year period expansion wider Sony 
Corp locate production capacity nearer markets spokesman

=== Dokument 329===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
NTT expects profits fall billion yen year March projected 
billion year company Total sales period expected rise 
billion yen projected billion year NTT business operations 
plan submitted Post Telecommunications Ministry NTT plans 
capital investments billion yen including billion 
development total billion year

=== Dokument 330===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
London Stock Exchange ruling council decided close trading 
floor government bonds gilts equities business brokers 
offices trading floor traded options retained Dwindling 
activity exchange floor reflects introduction dealing SEAQ 
Big Bang restructuring market October brokers market makers 
dealing basis competing share quotes displayed screens

=== Dokument 331===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Eagle Telephonics signed year agreement Pacific Telesis 
Group Pacific Bell unit buy Eagle electronic key telephone 
systems internal Terms contract disclosed

=== Dokument 332===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net Revs mln mln mths Shr cts cts Net Revs mln 
mln

=== Dokument 333===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts cts prior Pay March Record March

=== Dokument 334===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net Revs mln mln Avg shrs mln mln Mths Shr cts 
cs Net Revs mln mln Avg shrs mln mln NOTE Fiscal quarter 
earnings include gain mln dlrs exclude preferred dividend 
requirements mln dlrs quarter mln dlrs Fiscal net reduced 
currency losses equal cts share quarter equal cts months

=== Dokument 335===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts cts prior Pay April Record March NOTE 
Interchange Financial Services

=== Dokument 336===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Kapok Corp techical default loans Southeast Banking Corp 
Murray Steinfeld negotiating lenders declared loans company 
agreed sell Peter Pan Restaurant Urbana dlrs mln dlrs 
payment expenses

=== Dokument 337===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net Sales mln Mths Shr cts cts Net Sales mln mln

=== Dokument 338===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr loss cts loss cts Net loss loss Revs Avg shrs

=== Dokument 339===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net Revs mths Shr cts cts Net Revs

=== Dokument 340===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts cts prior Pay April Record March

=== Dokument 341===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Neutrogena Corp purchase shares outstanding common stock 
time time open market reduce dilution future issue employee 
stock options company mln shares outstanding shares 
purchased outstanding adjusted reflect stock split effective 
March

=== Dokument 342===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Oper Shr loss cts loss cts Oper net loss loss Revs mln mln 
mths Oper shr loss cts loss cts Oper net loss loss Revs mln 
mln NOTE Excludes income discontinued operations qtr mln 
year Excludes extraordinary charge current qtr year

=== Dokument 343===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr loss cts loss ct Net loss loss Revs

=== Dokument 344===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Directors Chicago Mercantile Exchange meet Wednesday 
membership petition exchange tighten rules covering trading 
activities popular Standard Poor Stock futures pit exchange 
executive petition calls elimination dual trading legal 
practice traders execute customer orders trade account 
exchange officials practice opportunity trader engage called 
running traders enter orders account executing orders 
customers Leo Melamed CME special counsel directors rule 
petition Wednesday special Advisory Committee studying 
futures trading conditions months expected submit complete 
list recommendations days addition recommendation dual 
trading Melamed special committee suggestions automatic 
order entry execution futures futures options rule alleviate 
congested conditions trading pit Melamed directors approve 
recommendations special committee actions board committee 
recommendations CME senior vice president Gerald Beyer board 
accepts member petition week rule change submitted Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission approval board rejects petition 
request rule change submitted exchange membership vote days 
Beyer Melamed petition ruled recommendations special 
committee confuse issue traders agree eliminiate restrict 
dual trading Jonathan Wolff senior vice president Donaldson 
Lufkin Jenrette dual trading evident exchanges question 
integrity person business Wolff Futures traders brokers 
maintain trading accounts order errors inevitably filling 
customer orders chaotic futures trading pits absolute ban 
dual trading difficult broker function errors John Michael 
vice president Options Chicago ethics people involved 
competitive nature futures brokerage running risky broker 
livelihood discovered broker running suspected cut Michael 
average broker Treasury bond futures pit instance orders 
contracts day dlrs contract floor sources figuring 
considered typical pct loss errors brokerage lucrative 
running brokers runs market risk adverse price risk losing 
brokerage business Michael

=== Dokument 345===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Pogo Producing consolidated onshore offshore Gulf Coast 
divisions Southern Division responsible onshore offshore oil 
gas exploration development activities Gulf Coast Gulf 
Mexico areas

=== Dokument 346===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Unocal Corp Union Oil lowered posted prices crude oil dlrs 
barrel eastern region effective Feb Union dlrs cut brings 
posted price benchmark grade West Texas Intermediate dlrs 
Louisiana Sweet lowered dlrs dlrs company Union posted 
prices West Coast grades crude oil company

=== Dokument 347===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Panhandle Eastern Corp Trunkline Gas pipeline subsidiary 
reducing commodity component wholesale natural gas rate pct 
effective filing Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
Trunkline reducing commodity rate portion total rate based 
price gas dlrs mln Btu dlrs mln Btu company rate reduction 
average price pipeline paying gas adding reflects contract 
reformation agreemats producers

=== Dokument 348===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
WEDGE Group Houston investment firm pct stake American 
Medical International talks Pesch seeking control company 
filing Securities Exchange Commission WEDGE owned Issam 
Fares Lebanese citizen living Switzerland discussed 
possibility joining bid seek control AMI WEDGE stressed 
current plans seek control AMI refused rule takeover future 
WEDGE discussions AMI management Pesch closely held health 
care investment concern controlled Chicago physician LeRoy 
Pesch AMI shareholders filing issues selling AMI stake 
joining takeover discussed group talks produce agreements 
understandings WEDGE believes form restructuring AMI 
business highly desirable time WEDGE holds mln shares AMI 
common stock plans hold talks company management Pesch 
shareholders Pesch week sweetened bid company dlrs share 
cash securties billion dlrs based AMI total outstanding cash 
dlr share bid company rejected

=== Dokument 349===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts cts prior Pay March Record March

=== Dokument 350===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Banner Industries mln outstanding mln shares Rexnord 
tendered pursuant dlr share offer closed midnight EST Feb 
mln Rexnard shares owns company holds pct stake company 
completion deal subject approval Rexnard holders closing 
conditions expects deal close days

=== Dokument 351===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts cts prior Pay April Record March

=== Dokument 352===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Mobil Corp Mobil Chemical subsidiary largest producer 
disposable plastic products enter food packaging market 
Mobil making clear container food packaging supermarkets 
institutions March sharply raise production fall annual rate 
mln pounds finished products industry demand products 
projected rise pct annually years prepared boost production 
future plant additions Mobil Chemical Plastic Packaging 
Division sell product operates plants Canada clear 
containers packaging cookies candy bakery trays grocery sald 
bar items items oriented polystyrene company Canandiagua 
plant

=== Dokument 353===
Miejsce: west-germany
Treść:
Bank America NT SA West German branch negotiating sale 
Bankhaus Centrale Credit AG small local West German bank 
acquired West German Visa credit card operation Michael 
Seibel Bank America regional manager negotiations proceeding 
declined details Bank America West German branch lost mln 
marks result includes profit loss transfers Bankhaus 
Centrale Credit Visa organisation sale units bank worldwide 
restructuring plan corrects year loss paragraph item 
originally February

=== Dokument 354===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
OSR Corp agreed acquire properties assets Telcom 
International Group mln common shares Telcom owners pct 
combined company Telcom international film television 
distributor assets acquired consist distribution rights 
films valued mln dlrs company OSR acquisition agreement 
required sell pct Standard Knickerbocker jeans Canada OSR 
expects net dlrs sale Standard Knickerbocker company 
transactions subject approval shareholders meeting held 
April

=== Dokument 355===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Mercury Entertainment Corp expects improved company today 
reported loss year ended November dlrs revenues dlrs 
compared loss dlrs revenues dlrs year

=== Dokument 356===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Cronus Industries agreed sell heat transfer equipment 
business Southwestern Engineering slight premium book 
release Cronus liability mln dlrs subsidiary indebtedness 
company sale subsidiary Senior Engineering Group PLC British 
company place month

=== Dokument 357===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts cts prior Pay Record April

=== Dokument 358===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Jacobson Stores board voted stock split payble March record 
March action Jacobson directors approved increase quarterly 
dividend cts post split basis payable April record March 
dividend rate represents pct increase cts paid quarterly 
basis

=== Dokument 359===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
AW Systems signed dlr agreement TEC America develop supply 
intelligent cash register controllers terms agreement AW 
design manufacture intelligent controllers resale TEC 
worldwide company controller TEC FT point sale terminal 
communicate IBM PC personal computers compatibles controller 
ready shipment October company

=== Dokument 360===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Oper shr cts cts Oper net Revs mln mln Avg shrs Year Oper 
shr cts cts Oper net Revs mln mln Avg shrs NOTE exclude time 
gains cts cts qtr year gains dlrs dlrs prior periods

=== Dokument 361===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Americus Trust American Products Shares extended deadline 
accepting tendered shares November extension months trust 
accept mln shares American Products received tenders mln 
shares trust managed Brown Sons formed November

=== Dokument 362===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net Revs mln mln mths Shr dlrs dlrs Net Revs mln

=== Dokument 363===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
staff federal Securities Exchange Commission plans recommend 
Washington Public Power Supply WPPSS charged securities 
fraud connection July default billion dlrs bonds WPPSS 
official told

=== Dokument 364===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Versatile Corp shipbuilding subsidiary letter intent build 
mln dlr polar icebreaker Canadian coast guard Transport 
Minister John Crosbie Vancouver address Crosbie Versatile 
Pacific Shipyards bidder build Arctic Class icebreaker 
company meet financial engineering conditions contract 
awarded government announced provide mln dlrs loan insurance 
Versatile prepare construction vessel contract awarded 
Versatile required offer assurances shipyard technically 
financially capable performing work Crosibie Versatile bid 
mln dlrs competing bidders generate person years direct 
employment Work vessel Crosbie powerful icebreaker year 
completed government announced plans build icebreaker year 
controversial passage Coast Guard vessel Polar Sea disputed 
Northwest Passage government seek permission journey 
claiming area international water government icebreaker 
needed country claim sovereignty Arctic

=== Dokument 365===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Chrysler Financial Corp unit Chrysler Corp raising mln dlrs 
offering notes pct coupon par pricing lead manager Salomon 
Brothers basis points yield comparable Treasury securities 
life issue rated Baa Moody BBB Standard Poor Merrill Lynch 
Capital Markets deal February Chrysler Financial sold mln 
dlrs rated year notes priced yield pct basis points 
Treasuries

=== Dokument 366===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Privately held Pantry operates convenience stores 
Southeastern engaged Brown Sons explore possbile sale 
company expects start talks prospective acquirers shortly 
company approached number parties months

=== Dokument 367===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtr ends Dec Shr profit cts loss cts Net profit loss Revs 
Avg shrs mths Shr loss cts profit cts Net loss profit Revs 
mln Avg shrs NOTE net includes tax gain carryforward 
discontinued operations Master Merchandise Group year prior

=== Dokument 368===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Financial Management Corp revised agreement data processing 
services Union Corp Georgia company revised agreement 
establishes specific minimum payments Union shortens 
duration original pact months agreement expiring December 
terms amended contract Financial received mln dlrs cash 
guaranteed additional mln dlrs service revenues company 
agreement calls minimum payments mln dlrs balance mln dlrs 
mln dlrs

=== Dokument 369===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Renouf Corp Zealand decided proceed offer outstanding units 
Benequity Holdings dlrs unit company required redice March 
proceed offer terminate based ability financing review 
Benequity operations offer expire March

=== Dokument 370===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Integrated Generics midst developments favorable company 
comments time company released statement response American 
Stock Exchange inquiry activity company common stock 
midafternoon trading

=== Dokument 371===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Goodrich phase production aircraft tires missile marine 
products molded rubber products Akron Ohio laying salaried 
production maintenance support services employees company 
layoffs start weeks Goodrich continue chemicals adhesives 
Akron employing salaried employees Akron work Goodrich 
company operate businesses discontinued Akron profitably 
justify large investment Goodrich continue aircraft tires 
Norwood sonar domes Jacksonville relocate molded rubber 
products business site chosen making insulators missiles 
Goodrich prepared discuss officials United Rubber Workers 
Union severance benefits employees issues continued 
operation Akron chemical adhesives businesses phaseout Akron 
aircraft tire missile marine molded rubber products 
manufacturing company spokesman expect adverse impact 
earnings

=== Dokument 372===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net Sales mln mln Note include operations BMD 
England acquired

=== Dokument 373===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
set final income capital gain distributions dlrs dlrs 
payable today

=== Dokument 374===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
tin disposals agreement reached weekend tin producing 
countries limit group exports tonnes year started March 
government official agreement member Association Tin 
Producing Countries ATPC aimed cut surplus boost prices 
accord ATPC Chairman Subroto appealed United restrict tin 
releases strategic stockpile government large influence tin 
market stage game Thomas Director International Commodities 
Department year United released tonnes tin ferroalloy firms

=== Dokument 375===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Mthly div cts cts prior Pay March Record March NOTE Franklin 
Insured Tax Free Income Fund

=== Dokument 376===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Mthly div cts cts prior Pay March Record March NOTE Franklin 
Minneosta Insured Tax Free Income Fund

=== Dokument 377===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Mthly div cts cts prior Pay March Record March NOTE Franklin 
Michigan Insured Tax Free Income Fund

=== Dokument 378===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Mthly div cts cts prior Pay March Record March NOTE Franklin 
Massachusetts Insured Tax Free Income Fund

=== Dokument 379===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Mthly div cts cts prior Pay March Record March NOTE Franklin 
California Insured Tax Free Income Fund

=== Dokument 380===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Diagnostic Products Corp president chief executive officer 
Sigi Ziering expects maintain compound average annal net 
income growth company years expect performance net income 
years Ziering years Ziering company average compound net 
income growth pct annually pct year growth earnings share 
company net income mln dlrs dlrs share mln dlrs cts share 
Diagnostic manufactures medical immunological diagnostic 
test kits Ziering expects earnings growth result positive 
weaker dollar company exports sales accelerated market 
penetration Ziering expected Food Drug Administration 
approve drug abuse test kits year depending approval 
earnings growth Ziering result tax laws expected company 
taxes decrease pct pct net income

=== Dokument 381===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Currency fluctuations reassert influence bullion market 
future bullion bankers Samuel Montagu market report firm 
silver lag gold reactions movements foreign exchanges OPEC 
failure address decline oil prices remains worrying factor 
balance appears market approached cautiously Montagu bank 
economy noticeable long term improvement Latin American debt 
Iranian arms affair undermine confidence dollar

=== Dokument 382===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net Revs mln mln

=== Dokument 383===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr profit cts loss cts Net profit loss Revs

=== Dokument 384===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Mthly div cts cts prior Pay March Record March NOTE Franklin 
Puerto Rico Tax Free Income Fund

=== Dokument 385===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Mthly div cts cts prior Pay March Record March NOTE Franklin 
Ohio Insured Tax Free Income Fund

=== Dokument 386===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Mthly div cts cts prior Pay March Record March NOTE Franklin 
High Yield Insured Tax Free Income Fund

=== Dokument 387===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Convergent Technologies reached agreement principle buy 
Oakleaf Corp supplies finance insurance leasing computers 
auto dealers transaction involve exchange Oakleaf stock cash 
debt subject definitive agreement companys terms disclosed 
Oakleaf sales mln dlrs

=== Dokument 388===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
York Mercantile Exchange set April debut procedure energy 
complex increase energy futures worldwide April NYMEX oil 
traders hold futures position initiate exchange closes 
transaction subsequently hedged futures market exchange 
spokeswoman change oil transacted real Thomas McKiernan 
McKiernan chairman Foreign traders hedge trades NYMEX prices 
exchange opens negotiate prices differential NYMEX prices 
McKiernan explained expanded program serve industry oil 
market close NYMEX Frank Capozza secretary Century Resources 
rule change platinum futures NYMEX expected increase open 
liquidity energy futures traders analysts trader transaction 
called exchange physical EFP hold futures position entering 
transaction arrangement party hold futures position entering 
EFP parties offset cash transaction futures contract day 
exchange officials NYMEX announced proposed rule change 
December NYMEX President Rosemary McFadden Expansion EFP 
provision add globalization energy markets providing hour 
trading Commodity Futures Trading Commission approved rule 
change February CFTC spokeswoman

=== Dokument 389===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
CCR Video Corp current filing requirements Securities 
Exchange Commission NASDAQ meets trading net worth 
requirements company reported quarter ended November profit 
dlrs compared year earlier loss dlrs CCR reported 
refinanceing December extraordinary gain dlrs leaving 
company net worth dlrs December November spokesman CCR meet 
NASDAQ requirement net worth dlrs trading exception rules

=== Dokument 390===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Rospatch Corp news release response today acquisition bid 
Diagnostic Retrieval Systems dlrs share Rospatch earlier 
requested stock halted counter trading trade Diagnostic bid 
total mln dlrs cash tender offer pct Rosptach outstanding 
common fourth quarter ended December Rospatch reported net 
loss dlrs share compared loss cts profit period December 
Brookehill Group York pct stake Parini Rospatch chief 
executive responded January investment vote confidence 
company

=== Dokument 391===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly dividend cts cts Pay March Record March

=== Dokument 392===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Utilization offshore mobile rigs Gulf Mexico declined pct 
week pct reflecting decrease working rigs Offshore Data 
Services total number working rigs fell week compared week 
rigs year Offshore Data Services worldwide utilization rate 
rose pct pct total rigs work number rigs contracted 
worldwide European Mediterranean area rig utilization rose 
percentage point pct rigs contracted

=== Dokument 393===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
North American Group North American Acquisition Corp 
definitive agreement buy pct Pioneer Business Group Atlanta 
Terms acquisition disclosed Closing acquisition scheduled 
April North American Acquisition agreement subject diligence 
satisfactory review Pioneer operation Pioneer business forms

=== Dokument 394===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
bidding war Viacom International largest entertainment 
companies pitted management group investors National 
Amusements closely held theater operator sides raised bids 
weekend source close management insisted timing directors 
approve management proposal merger plan vote shareholders 
proxy material late week days day mail source source 
predicted National Amusements controlled investor Sumner 
Redstone year complete tender offer regulatory approvals 
accompany change control Viacom broadcast licenses cable 
television franchises Redstone comment Wall Street arbitrage 
players rare situation enjoyed true bidding war Redstone 
tender offer wanted people convinced proposal superior 
Viacom management plan chance win independent directors 
Viacom called meeting today Word decision expected early 
tomorrow Viacom shares climbed midafternoon major Wall 
Street firm issued sell recommendation terms bidding firm 
arbitrageur spoke condition identified Redstone proposal 
management proposal create restructured company heavily 
leveraged debt management plan result balance sheet billion 
dlrs debt mln dlrs preferred stock convertible pct common 
stock Redstone newest proposal offers holders dlrs cash 
fraction share exchangeable preferred stock dlrs share 
common stock stock Arsenal Holdings representing pct equity 
restructured Viacom arbitrageur calculated equity Redstone 
plan worth dlrs making total package worth dlrs share 
Management offered dlrs cash exchangeable preferred stock 
worth dlrs fractional share convertible preferred 
arbitrageur equity portion worth dlrs total dlrs Redstone 
newest plan raised pay cash portion offer day April merger 
Arsenal consummated plan calls intest paid annual rate pct 
pct Redstone offered pct arbitrageurs Redstone management 
group led president chief executive Terrence Elkes offering 
high prices Redstone company management edge timing issue 
Redstone company owns pct ov Viacom mln shares Wall Street 
analyst hard determine equity newly leveraged company worth 
stock FMC Corp highly leveraged structure year inititally 
traded dlrs share dipped dlrs dlrs week Viacom reported 
fourth quarter earnings fell cts share cts company costs 
acquisitions Shares Warner Communications rose Analysts 
Warner owns warrants purchase mln Viacom shares dlrs mln 
shares dlrs Chris Craft Industries owns stake Warner rose 
Viacom created spun CBS company cable television subscribers 
operates satellite television services owns television radio 
stations largest distributors films programs television

=== Dokument 395===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Oper shr cts cts Oper net Revs mln mln Year Oper shr cts cts 
Oper net Revs mln mln Note oper data include qtr 
extraordinary credit dlrs qtr extraordinary loss dlrs cts 
shr year include extraordinary credit dlrs cts shr dlrs cts 
shr

=== Dokument 396===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Canada offer billion dlr bond issue tomorrow dated March 
delivered March finance department issue consist maturities 
pct bonds July pct bonds March pct bonds March pct bonds 
June maturity issued maximum mln dlrs Bank Canada buy mln 
dlrs issue including mln dlrs maturity

=== Dokument 397===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
electronic companies sales year totalled billion dlrs 
billion dlrs reported American Electronic Association 
decline fourth quarter total billion dlrs matched industry 
record period AEA AEA senior vice president Ralph Thomson 
sales trend positive upturn year industry waiting early 
figures forecast future companies including semiconductor 
sector impacted enormous growing trade deficit Japan Fourth 
quarter orders totalled billion dlrs pct increase quarter 
December sales billion dlrs pct month association represents 
firms produce electronic goods services

=== Dokument 398===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp federal agency action protect 
pensions employees retirees Kaiser Steel Corp filed 
bankruptcy reorganization month agency entered agreement 
terminate Kaiser plan appointed trustee Kaiser retirees 
receive March pension checks interruption levels guaranteed 
law

=== Dokument 399===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Daiwa Securities provide Financial News Network exclusive 
daily market update Tokyo report FNN Business Update company 
Daiwa Securities program describes major business 
developments videotaped news feature stories market 
commodities Viewers closing prices Tokyo prior opening 
trading York time difference

=== Dokument 400===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
UAL United Airlines accused congressional hearing today 
locking blacks key jobs company tremendous progress minority 
hiring issue aired hearing House Government Operations 
subcommittee chairman Cardiss Collins called treatment 
minorities country largest airline pathetic strikes odd 
Illinois Democrat number white women pilots double black 
pilots white women represented upper management United court 
order increase minority employment David Pringle United 
senior vice president human resources aggressive approach 
minority hiring tremendous progress continue pursue wider 
goals

=== Dokument 401===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts cts Pay Record

=== Dokument 402===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
agreed acquire Personal Rental Corp Coral Gables transaction 
shareholders Personal receive shares respresenting pct 
combined company company mln shares outstanding fully 
diluted basis transaction acquisition infuse Perconal cash 
expansion Personal franchised locations plans add seeking 
eventually expand markets

=== Dokument 403===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Security Pacific Corp completed planned merger Diablo Bank 
approval comptroller currency Security Pacific announced 
intention merge Diablo Bank headquartered Danville September 
plan expand retail network Northern California Diablo bank 
offices Danville San Ramon Alamo Security Pacific

=== Dokument 404===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Pall Corp sales quarter rose pct mln dlrs mln dlrs year 
bringing sales months mln dlrs pct mln dlrs Orders quarter 
ended Jan rose pct mln dlrs pct mln dlrs months

=== Dokument 405===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Industries formed operating groups serve major markets 
transportation components business Engine Products Group 
serve original equipment manufacturers Automotive 
Aftermarket Group serve repair market customers company 
senior vice president Gareth Reed appointed president 
general manager Engine Products Group Gerald McGrath 
appointed vice president general manager Automotive 
Aftermarket Group vice president sales Engine Parts Division 
Clevite Industries acquired Industries

=== Dokument 406===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net Revs mln mln Avg shrs mths Shr cts dlrs Net 
Revs mln mln Avg shrs NOTE net includes cts share proceeds 
life insurance policy includes tax benefit prior qtr relates 
effective tax rate based operating year

=== Dokument 407===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Lodgistix board authorized program company purchase shares 
time time company shares general purposes including 
incentive programs

=== Dokument 408===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Oper shr profit cts loss cts Oper net profit loss Revs mln 
mln Year Oper shr profit cts profit cts Oper net profit 
profit Revs mln mln NOTE Excludes loss dlrs nil gain dlrs 
nil qtr gain dlrs cts gain dlrs ct year net operating loss 
carryforwards

=== Dokument 409===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Albertson board stockholder rights plan intended protect 
event proposed takeover company plan stockholders receive 
dividend distribution share common stock held March rights 
exercisable days person group acquires pct Alberston common 
stock announces tender offer pct stock entitle shareholder 
buy newly issued share Alberston common stock dlrs

=== Dokument 410===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Rospatch Corp rejected proposal Diagnostic Retrieval Systems 
acquire stock dlrs share Rospatch board believes long term 
interests shareholders served continuing independent public 
company time company response unsolicited offer Diagnostic 
Retrieval Rospatch Diagnostic offer February variation 
previous offer January nature disclosed Rospatch advised 
Diagnostic Retrieval contrary interests corporation engage 
discussions business combination Diagnostic Retrieval

=== Dokument 411===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr profit cts loss dlrs Net profit loss Revs Year Shr 
profit cts loss dlrs Net profit loss Revs mln mln

=== Dokument 412===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
International Minerals Chemical Corp completed acquisition 
Johnson Johnson Pitman Moore unit producer animal health 
products Terms acquisition disclosed International Minerals 
Chemical annual sales unit mln dlrs Pitman Moore health 
products pets farm feedstock animals

=== Dokument 413===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
JWT Group approached Ted Bates Worldwide Chairman Robert 
Jacoby possibility syndicate buying pct stake JWT Group 
friendly basis company spokesman JWT comment Advertising Age 
report Jacoby heading venture capital syndicate purchase pct 
stake JWT group Jacoby comment report Ted Bates owned 
largest advertising agency

=== Dokument 414===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
United Auto Workers enter renewed negotiations impasse 
American Motors Corp UAW locals Wisconsin American Motors 
earlier broke talks UAW labor contract plant Kenosha company 
latest contract offer rejected union negotiators UAW vice 
president Marc Stepp recommends meetings scheduled earliest 
time Stepp heads UAW American Motors department

=== Dokument 415===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Banc Corp National Bank Fenton Bank Fenton bringing number 
affiliates Michigan

=== Dokument 416===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr loss cts loss ct Net loss loss Revs Year Shr loss cts 
loss cts Net loss loss Revs mln Note loss included time loss 
dlrs write silver oil gas interests

=== Dokument 417===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Foote Mineral signed letter intent Shieldalloy Corp wholly 
owned subsidiary sale Cambridge Ohio business company sale 
explained greater definitive agreement signed Foote 
announced plan sell entire company

=== Dokument 418===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Gelco Corp excluding effects restructuring plan expects 
operating earnings year July year year ended July Gelco 
reported operating earnings mln dlrs dlrs share final 
charges including legal investment advisors fees preferred 
stock dividends costs restructuring Expenses restructuring 
expected offset gains sale Gelco business units final 
outcome fiscal year determined timing proceeds sale

=== Dokument 419===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger ordered increase cost 
living allowances military personnel decreased dollar 
foreign currencies Pentagon allowances expected rise cent 
areas month Pentagon Weinberger providing family members 
financially pressed troops fly West Germany Japan Italy 
Spain military transports desire statement military cost 
living increases overseas purchasing power close stateside 
counterparts

=== Dokument 420===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
UtiliCorp United closed announced acquisition West Virginia 
Power Dominion Resources mln dlrs

=== Dokument 421===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Daisy Systems Corp introduced aided engineering workstations 
workstation family includes Personal Logician Logician 
Personal Logicial Personal Logician desktop bit IBM Personal 
compatible workstation base priced dlrs Logician bit 
accelerated graphics workstation priced dlrs Personal 
Logician based IBM PC EGA graphics standard base priced dlrs 
Daisy products days

=== Dokument 422===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Western Tele Communications subsidiary Westlink joined 
Netlink USA general partnership consisting Telluride 
Cablevision McCaw Satellite Programming Investments Western 
pct investor converting cable television signals satellite 
distribution selected markets conversion expected improve 
reception Denver television signals delivered cable 
operators customers underserved rural remote areas company

=== Dokument 423===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Chicago physician LeRoy Pesch discussions American Medical 
International shareholders sees support restructuring 
company Pesch discussed sweetened billion dlr takeover bid 
American Medical large shareholders including biggest 
investor Bass family Texas Bass family support offer Pesch 
interview

=== Dokument 424===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Marvin Warner fellow officers Savings Bank convicted charges 
connected collapse Warner owner guilty counts performing 
unauthoriazed acts investing money authorization board 
directors counts securities violations collapse acquitted 
counts willful misapplication Burton Bongard president 
convicted counts willful misapplication David Schiebel 
president convicted counts securities violations acquitted 
charges willful misapplication corrects warner conviction 
irregularities men charged led imposed moratorium insured 
savings loan companies Ohio lifted individual basis firms 
proof solvency Judge Richard Niehaus Hamilton County Common 
Pleas Court ordered Warner jailed lieu mln dlrs bond set mln 
dlr bond Bongard dlr bond Schiebel pending appearance trio 
sentencing March Lawrence Kane special prosecutor Warner 
Bongard receive maximum years prison Schiebel receive 
maximum years convictions accused draining mln dlrs funds 
investments ESM Government Securities Fort Lauderdale 
bankrupt triggered collapse March Ohio Governor Richard 
Celeste closed privately insured savings loan companies 
remained closed federal deposit insurance merge companies 
federal deposit insurance

=== Dokument 425===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
signed WJTC TV Pensacola Fla carry improvement specialized 
business opportunity programs Video Shopping station carried 
UHF channel Pensacola area reaches households

=== Dokument 426===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
offered purchase undisclosed cash stock notes Valley Cottage 
based Omega developer designer lightweight custom crafted 
ballistic assault flame resistant paroducts

=== Dokument 427===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
United Merchants Manufactuerers board authorized repurchase 
mln shares company common stock company mln shares 
outstanding stock acquired time time open market depending 
market conditions factors number shares purchased timing 
purchases subject restrictions company debt instruments

=== Dokument 428===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
EDO Corp McDonnell Aircraf invoked production option calling 
ejection release units aircraft company contract exceed mln 
dlrs handled government systems division College Point 
company contract follow scale development contracts awarded 
EDO

=== Dokument 429===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net Revs

=== Dokument 430===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Coastal Bancorp Federal Reserve Board approved acquisition 
Coastal Suffield Financial Corp acquisition requires 
approval Banking Department Maine company

=== Dokument 431===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtr ended Dec Shr profit nil loss nil Net profit loss Revs

=== Dokument 432===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Vanguard Technologies International awarded mln dlr contract 
Office Secretary Defense provide facilities management 
services year contract year optional performance periods 
company provide local area network operations coordination 
hardware installation maintenance user support services 
systems applications programming

=== Dokument 433===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
AMCA International finalized agreement sell assets 
inventories Dominion Bridge steel service center operations 
Russelsteel unit Terms undisclosed sale involved assets 
operations general steel service centers Toronto Edmonton 
Alberta steel inventories closed AMCA branches company sale 
announced restructuring program focus core businesses 
generate cash cut debt

=== Dokument 434===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
offering inch floppy diskette version Condor Database 
Management company version features inch package including 
report writer applications automation functions

=== Dokument 435===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Scott Hospitality acquired Capital Food Services Ottawa 
largest catering food service company undisclosed terms 
Scott operate Capital Food separate unit Capital current 
management

=== Dokument 436===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
AC Advertising subsidiary Ted Bates Worldwide unit largest 
advertising agencies Saatchi Saatchi merge Bates units form 
entity Bates called AC DHB Bess company units Diener Hauser 
Bates DHB Sawdon Bess AC chairman Stephen Rose combined 
billings mln dlrs representing total clients

=== Dokument 437===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Union National Corp signed definitive agreement National 
Bank Trust Washington unit merge announced merger agreement 
share National common stock converted shares Union National 
common

=== Dokument 438===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
analysts suitor mln dlr bid Purolator Courier Corp Hutton 
LBO management group Purolator courier division speculation 
offer forthcoming analysts dlrs share price paid Hutton 
managers PC Acquisition fully valued Analysts Wall Street 
sources doubted bidder emerge Purolator sale deal struck 
Hutton Friday Purolator stock slipped today close trading 
higher dlr offer Friday analyst Friday speculated company 
fetch dlrs share analysts wall street sources doubted 
competitive offer emerge company sale deal Hutton struck 
Friday Hutton talks Purolator adviser Dillon Read late 
December Hutton spokesman Hutton offering dlrs cash share 
pct shares shares tendered shareholders receive dlrs cash 
dlrs debentures warrants stock subsidiary PC Acquisition 
Purolator courier operation Hutton values warrants dlrs 
share Wall Street sources today rival bidder discouraged 
breakup fee Purolator pay ends agreement Hutton sources 
reveal fee documents transaction public week

=== Dokument 439===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
stock broker investor pleaded guilty June insider trading 
participant scheme involved lawyer Michael David sentenced 
Manhattan federal court today Morton Shapiro employed broker 
Moseley Hallgarten Stabrook Weeden drew month jail sentence 
dlr fine Daniel Silverman pleaded guilty securities fraud 
sentenced years probation dlr fine ordered provide hours 
community service result trading supplied David firm Paul 
Weiss Rifkind Wharton Garrison defendants gained dlrs 
insider trading scheme Attorney Rudolph Giuliani prosecutor 
Shapiro attempted conceal unlawful trading lying testimony 
Securities Exchange Commission

=== Dokument 440===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Farmers Admininstration FmHA undertaking annual mailing 
notices delinquent farm borrowers Agriculture Department 
FmHA farm borrowers delinquent December letters early March 
touch FmHA county office appointment discuss account letter 
requests borrower choose servicing options listed 
accompanying form return form days department

=== Dokument 441===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Roger Andewelt deputy assistant attorney general litigation 
Justice Department antitrust division June nominated 
President Reagan judge United Claims Court White House 
nomination subject Senate approval year term Andewelt served 
number antitrust division posts succeed Thomas Lydon Claims 
Court

=== Dokument 442===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Pan Corp February load factor Pan American Airways rose 
points pct pct year Traffic February increased pct billion 
revenue passenger miles billion rose pct months year billion 
billion seat miles grew pct February billion billion rose 
pct billion billion months Year load factor increased pct 
pct

=== Dokument 443===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net Revs Year Shr cts dlrs Net Revs mln mln

=== Dokument 444===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtr ended Jan Shr cts cts Net mln mln Revs mln mln Avg shrs 
mln mln mths Shr cts cts Net mln mln Revs mln mln Avg shrs 
mln mln Note Net mths includes gains dispositions dlrs cts 
share dlrs cts share Avg shrs shr data restated reflect 
stock split January

=== Dokument 445===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Warner Communications board approved year employment 
contract Chairman Steven Ross company contract opposed board 
members nominees Chris Craft contract calls bonus awards 
paid period contract based price company stock statement 
details Warner contract discussion lengthy period assures 
stability creative future company

=== Dokument 446===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts cts Pay April Record March

=== Dokument 447===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Caremark changing fiscal year calendar year previous fiscal 
year June

=== Dokument 448===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts Net Revs Year Shr cts Net Revs NOTE CPL Real Estate 
Investment Trust Company formed Dec

=== Dokument 449===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Star Technologies shares trading Nasdaq national market 
tomorrow company manufacturer high speed computers 
scientific applications annual revenues mln dlrs months 
ended Dec company earned mln dlrs loss mln dlrs year period 
sales rose mln dlrs mln dlrs

=== Dokument 450===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr loss cts loss cts Net loss loss Revs mln mln Year Shr 
loss dlrs loss cts Net loss loss Revs mln mln

=== Dokument 451===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr profit cts loss cts Net profit loss Note Net includes 
tax credit dlrs ct share

=== Dokument 452===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Cybertek forming General Products division located Dallas 
division market personal software products targeted Fortune 
companies Cybertek

=== Dokument 453===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net Revs mln mln mths Shr cts cts Net Revs mln 
mln

=== Dokument 454===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Holiday Corp redeem March outstanding pct mortgage bonds 
Holiday Inns unit pct mortgage bonds Series Harrah 
subsidiary Holiday bonds bought pct bonds principal accrued 
dlrs dlr face Holiday redeem Harrah bonds pct principal 
accrued dlrs dlr face

=== Dokument 455===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Anchor Glass Container Corp cleared apply listing York Stock 
Exchange expects file formal application listing month 
trading week April company NYSE advised management company 
meets criteria listing successful completion preliminary 
eligibility review Anchor stock split effective March 
holders record March split mln shares outstanding

=== Dokument 456===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Blockbuster Entertainment Corp Blockbuster Distribution Corp 
executed additional area licenses operate Blockbuster Videos 
Rental stores exclusive licenses granted Greensboro Winston 
Salem Raleigh Durham Highpoint metropolitan areas licenses 
require minimum Blockbuster superstores opened month period

=== Dokument 457===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Ferro Corp formed joint venture Paris based Alsthom 
Inudstrial Group export epxertise specialty composite 
materials European market Ferro airframe aerospace 
industries prime users composite materials today plans 
develop applications ground transportation industrial 
markets future Ferro announced agreed purchase CompositAir 
developer composit materials applications undisclosed sum

=== Dokument 458===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Language CLR unit introduced Generator software package 
accounts corporate personnel departments company package 
takes user question explanatory instructions automatically 
calculates entries checks tables generates completed

=== Dokument 459===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
York Mercantile Exchange introduce exchanges physicals EFPS 
energy futures markets April exchange spokeswoman change oil 
traders hold futures position initiate exchange closes 
transaction subsequently hedged futures market EFPs platinum 
futures NYMEX expected increase open liquidity energy 
futures traders analysts Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission approved rule change February CFTC spokeswoman

=== Dokument 460===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Refined copper stocks held refineries fell short tons 
January short tons December American Bureau Metal Statistics 
reported Commodity Exchange Comex copper stocks climbed tons 
January tons December Combined refinery Comex stocks eased 
tons January tons December refined production declined tons 
January tons December Crude output increased tons January 
tons revised December Preliminary figures refined deliveries 
rose tons January tons December

=== Dokument 461===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
White House announced withdrawing controversial nomination 
Robert Gates CIA director Gates request decided replacement 
Withdrawal Gates nomination announced White House Chief 
Staff Howard Baker President Reagan names consideration 
replace Gates decision score Baker Gates Reagan letter today 
requesting withdrawn nomination succeed ailing resigned 
William Casey Reagan accepted great regret

=== Dokument 462===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Diamond Shamrock Corp set March record stockholders entitled 
vote April annual meeting

=== Dokument 463===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
American Pork Congress kicks tomorrow March Indianapolis 
nations pork producers member determining industry positions 
number issues National Pork Producers Council NPPC Delegates 
day Congress resolutions issues including future direction 
farm policy tax law applies agriculture sector delegates 
debate endorse concepts national PRV pseudorabies virus 
control eradication program NPPC large trade conjunction 
congress feature latest technology areas industry NPPC

=== Dokument 464===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Burlington Northern El Paso Natural Gas filed regularly 
scheduled gas cost adjustment leave rates unchanged pending 
El Paso proposal Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
wholesale customers deficiencies natural gas liquid revenues 
filing called commodity rate dlrs dekatherm rate drop dlrs 
Commission approves proposal wholesale customers revenue 
deficiencies

=== Dokument 465===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
White House Chief Staff Howard Baker President Reagan 
address nation nationally televised speech Wednesday night 
EST Tower Commission Report arms Iran scandal Baker news 
conference chief staff Robert Gates asked withdrawn 
nomination director Central Intelligence Agency Gates letter 
president apparent long difficult process win Senate 
confirmation nomination

=== Dokument 466===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
federal government expenditures rise pct fiscal year April 
billion dlrs billion dlrs fiscal Treasury Board board growth 
main estimates lowest year pct increase inclusion special 
accounts unemployment insurance fund grain stabilization 
fund total expenditures billion dlrs estimate government 
budget month budget estimated deficit billion dlrs fiscal

=== Dokument 467===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Advance Circuits signed dlrs borrowing agreement Washington 
Square Capital loan consists revolving credit facility mln 
dlrs based accounts receivable term loan interst rate loans 
pct prime rate future rate reductions scheduled income 
levels achieved entire loan March monthly payments term loan 
money completely repay debt National Bank Paul bank discount 
gross accepted shares Class preferred stock convertible 
shares common

=== Dokument 468===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
White House Chief Staff Howard Baker President Reagan meet 
press Baker told news conference expect president asked 
reporters Reagan expected resume news conferences Reagan met 
press November Baker Reagan intended conduct today news 
conference lack firm announcement replacement Robert Gates 
CIA director prevented Reagan address nation wednesday night 
response Tower Commission report Iran arms scandal

=== Dokument 469===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Texas Air Corp Eastern Airlines offer fare night time 
service Chicago International Airport cities offered service 
Houston company fares range dlrs Louis dlrs Los Angeles San 
Francisco cities times restrictions Flights depart CST 
arrive local time Normal baggage checking services flights 
carry air freight cargo passengers limited pieces carry 
baggage

=== Dokument 470===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Barnett Banks Florida called redemption outstanding shares 
Series dlrs cumulative convertible preferred stock company 
redemption terms redemption shareholders convert redeem 
shares bank shares converted shares Barnett common stock 
surrenderred April Shares surrendered redeemed dlrs share 
dividends accured bank

=== Dokument 471===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Heck credit agreement group banks expired February banks 
demanding payment loans Heck disclose sought banks holding 
discussions lenders completed week Heck predict credit 
agreement reached

=== Dokument 472===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Turner Corp construction company York Orange County office 
begun building mln dlr addition Kaiser Permanente Medical 
Center story square foot adition outpatient treatment clinic 
Developer project Kaiser Foundation Hospitals Pasadena 
company completion October company

=== Dokument 473===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Grey Advertising GreyCom subsidiary established division 
GreyCom Corporate Financial

=== Dokument 474===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
declared monthly payout income distribution cts share 
compared cts previous month distribution payable March 
shareholders record March

=== Dokument 475===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Commercial Credit raising mln dlrs offering notes yielding 
pct lead manager Morgan Stanley notes pct coupon priced 
yield basis points comparable Treasury securities life issue 
rated Baa Moody BBB Standard Poor Boston Corp Shearson 
Lehman Brothers deal

=== Dokument 476===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
American Telephone Telegraph received mln dlr contract 
develop laboratory equipment Enhanced Modular Signal 
Processor Navy

=== Dokument 477===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
American Motors Corp offering dlrs Jeep Cherokee Wagoneer 
vehicles bought March Rebates dlrs door vehicles dlrs door 
models time cash rebates Jeeps spokesman included Jeep 
Cherokee Limited expanded program intended AMC competitive 
marketplace enable maintain sales momentum Jeep products 
William Enockson group vice president North American sales 
marketing AMC continues offer rate loans Jeep Comanche 
models pct month loans pct month loans loans March AMC 
offering dlrs rebates Encore Alliance cars Alliance GTA 
models spokesman

=== Dokument 478===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Advanced Systems acquired distribution rights interactive 
video courses developed NCR Corp courses data processing 
professionals bankers delivered interactive video combines 
video discs personal computers touch screen monitors

=== Dokument 479===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
brass copper stocks fell short tons copper content January 
short tons December American Bureau Metal Statistics 
Consumption brass mills increased short tons January short 
tons December Mills consumed tons refinery shapes January 
tons December Scrap consumption increased tons January tons 
December Total brass shipments increased tons January tons 
December receipts rose tons tons

=== Dokument 480===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
MFS Municipal Income Trust declared monthly income 
distribution cts share compared cts share paid previous 
month distribution payable March shareholders record March

=== Dokument 481===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr dlrs dlrs Net Sales mln mln Year Shr dlrs dlrs Net Sales 
mln mln

=== Dokument 482===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Siemens AG subsidiary Siemens Public Switching Systems 
existing plants selected start manufacturing interim basis 
EWSD digital central office switching systems company 
facilities Cherry Hill Hauppauge rigorous review process 
selecting facility devoted EWSD manufacturing continues 
Siemens Public Siemens Communication Systems headquartered 
Boca Raton

=== Dokument 483===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Armtek Corp Armstrong Rubber agreed sell industrial tire 
assembly division Dyneer Corp undisclosed sum agreement 
covers division tire production facility Clinton plants 
serving original equipment replacement markets Armstrong 
Tire Armtek unit continue sell replacement industrial tires 
company Final closing expected fiscal quarter June

=== Dokument 484===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Chicago Mercantile Exchange CME posted record trading volume 
month February futures options contracts changed hands pct 
February volume contracts rate futures trading active 
segment exchange Eurodollar futures setting monthly record 
contracts pct volume contracts February year surpassing 
previous record contracts set September Options Eurodollar 
futures set monthly record contracts pct year Trading 
currency futures options CME fell pct February year 
contracts changing hands compared contracts period year 
Volume currency futures contracts fell February options 
currency futures rose pct Options mark futures set monthly 
record contracts previous record contracts January 
Agricultural futures volume rose pct month live hog futures 
volume leading market segment rising pct contracts

=== Dokument 485===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
software companies announced programs support Apple 
Macintosh II Macintosh SE computers seminar products 
introduced software makers Ashton Tate Microsoft Corp Lotus 
Development Corp announced existing products accessible 
Macintosh computers Lotus announced Lotus Galaxy software 
deliver programmable business modules formally introduced 
summer addition National Semiconductor provide series 
products Macintosh computers including megabyte memory 
expansion module

=== Dokument 486===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Appalachian Power unit American Electric Power redeem 
additional mln dlrs pct mortgage bonds increases mln dlrs 
bonds utility buy Appalachian Power redeem bonds par accrued

=== Dokument 487===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Standard Poor Corp affirmed rating AVX Corp mln dlrs 
subordinated debt company implied senior debt rating BB AVX 
purchase offer CTS Corp expired acquisition occur AVX listed 
creditwatch negative implications December proposed 
acquisition

=== Dokument 488===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
federal Food Drug Administration approved marketing drug 
reduces bleeding hemophiliacs requiring dental work FDA drug 
tranemaxic acid lessen cases eliminate altogether blood 
transfusions hemophiliacs teeth extracted drug Kabivitrum 
Stockholm Sweden distributed trade Cyklokapron Kabivitrum 
Alameda Hemophilia hereditary diseease victims lack proteins 
promote blood clotting

=== Dokument 489===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Kidder Peabody Mortgage Assets Trust unit Kidder Peabody 
offering mln dlrs collateralized mortgage obligations 
classes including floating rate inverse rate tranches Sole 
manager Kidder Peabody floating rate class initial rate pct 
reset quarterly basis points month LIBOR pct cap Totaling 
mln dlrs floating rate class called catchup provision 
investors recapture lost Kidder Peabody instance month LIBOR 
rises pct life floating rate tranche falls pct cap investors 
paid dollar dollar received CMOs carry maximum rate Kidder 
officer Kidder Peabody introduced concept February floating 
rate class totals mln dlrs initial rate pct reset quarterly 
basis points month LIBOR pct cap tranche catch provision 
Kidder officer inverse rate tranche totals mln dlrs initial 
rate pct rate reset quarterly formula product times month 
LIBOR Yields remaining fixed rate CMOs balance mln dlr issue 
range pct basis points comparable Treasuries issue rated 
flight AAA Standard Poor

=== Dokument 490===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly dividend cts cts Pay April Record April

=== Dokument 491===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
York Mercantile Exchange expects submit propane futures 
contract federal regulatory approval days exchange 
spokeswoman announced Board Governors exchange approved 
contract month exchange submit contract Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission spokeswoman Contract specifications 
resemble heating oil gasoline futures contract size barrels 
gallons minimum price fluctuation propane futures contract 
cent gallon dlrs barrel exchange maximum daily price limit 
cts gallon contracts spot Trading terminate business day 
month preceding delivery month exchange delivery seller 
pipeline storage fractionation facility Mont Belvieu Texas 
direct pipeline access Texas Eastern Transmission Pipeline 
TET Mont Beliview Delivery method transfer transfer pumpover 
book transfer earlier tenth calendar day delivery month 
exchange Deliveries completed business days prior delivery 
month Buyers delivery propane pay seller certified check 
deadline payment EST noon business day receipt propane

=== Dokument 492===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
General Motors Corp February car production declined year GM 
truck production declined year Year GM car output declined 
truck production eased

=== Dokument 493===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Oil traders York Exxon Corp Exxon unit reduced price charges 
contract barge customers heating oil York harbor cent gallon 
effective today reduction brings Exxon contract barge price 
cts price decrease sharp declines heating oil prices spot 
futures markets traders

=== Dokument 494===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Leucadia National Corp subsidiaries acquired pct stake 
Minstar corporation controlled corporate raider Irwin Jacobs 
forays acquire stock companies filing Securities Exchange 
Commission Leucadia LNC Investments Newark investment firm 
Charter National Life Insurance Louis joint stock life 
insurance company bought combined Minstar common shares 
investment purposes Leucadia subsidiaries held pct stake 
Minstar cut pct shares July July Leucadia companies bought 
Minstar common shares total mln dlrs Leucadia bought Minstar 
stake equity position company intention seeking control 
Leucadia common stock owned TLC Associates Salt Lake City 
Utah general partnership partners include chairman president 
Leucadia investors

=== Dokument 495===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Oper shr loss cts profit cts Oper net loss profit Revs mln 
mln mths Oper shr loss dlrs profit cts Oper net loss mln 
profit Revs mln mln Note Oper excludes loss discontinued 
operations dlrs cts share year qtr dlrs cts share year mths 
Oper includes charge mln dlrs cumulative repeal investment 
tax credit qtr writedown mln dlrs gas oil facilities mths 
Year shr data restated reflect pct stock dividend December

=== Dokument 496===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Montreal Exchange named Bruno Riverin president Quebec 
Caisse centrale Desjardins president chief executive officer 
Riverin replaces exchange president Andre Saumier resigned 
January set brokerage firm Riverin appointment effective 
March exchange Canada largest Caisse central main investment 
arm Quebec huge credit union movement

=== Dokument 497===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Microbiological Corp entered letter intent proposed business 
combination privately owned newly formed company stock swap 
received dlrs sale convertible note Ventana Growth Fund 
equity financing plan Ventana plan minimum dlrs maximum mln 
dlrs additional capital fund combined operations companies 
Microbiological maximum additional capital raised pct shares 
common outstanding combined company DataGene holders pct 
Ventana pct remaining pct held Milex shareholder Norman 
Monson chief executive officer combined companies

=== Dokument 498===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
issuing mln dlrs worth mortgage backed securities recognized 
federal government Canada Mortgage Housing bank issue 
divided pools bearing annual pct pct calculated paid monthly 
securities denominations dlrs term years Underwriters 
Levesque Beaubien McLeod Young Weir National Bank issue 
program Canada Mortgage Housing introduced late year 
investors high quality securities government bonds higher 
rate return

=== Dokument 499===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
special meeting International Coffee Organization ICO 
council failed agree set coffee export quotas ICO delegates 
Producers consumers common ground issue quota distribution 
days arduous heated talks delegates Export quotas major 
device International Coffee Agreement stabilise prices 
suspended year coffee prices soared reaction drought Brazil 
cut output thirds Delegates industry representatives 
predicted coffee prices plummet stg tonne year lows tomorrow 
response meeting

=== Dokument 500===
Miejsce: france
Treść:
French industry failing produce goods markets loss 
competitiveness left government room manoeuvre reflate 
economy Organisation Economic Cooperation Development gross 
domestic product grow pct year rate year unemployment climb 
pct workforce pct annual review French economy report French 
economy increasingly ill adapted demand selling goods 
uncompetitive relative prices domestic export markets France 
poor export performance reflects geographical bias favour 
markets dynamic average substantial loss market share months 
Pointing widening French trade deficit billion dlrs year 
billion warned depreciation dollar franc lead renewed loss 
competitiveness relative United newly industrialised 
countries result major losses market share area accounts 
quarter French exports competitive ability industry improved 
authorities scope macroeconomic manoeuvre unemployment 
situation encourage pickup investment require demand grow 
briskly rising unemployment hold wage demands contributing 
slowdown inflation pct annual rate year early OECD Written 
December year report account rise oil prices early pct surge 
January consumer prices caused partly government 
deregulation service sector tariffs bet freeing prices 
provoke runaway rises absolutely bet lost OECD official 
commented OECD officials January data rise oil prices dlrs 
barrel average assumed report upward revision inflation 
forecast pct government week revised forecast pct pct year 
pct OECD backed government view underlying trend inflation 
remained year slowdown domestic costs year fall oil 
commodity prices chief disinflation French unit productivity 
costs lowest OECD area inflation differential France main 
trading rival West Germany fall pct year hand report 
consumer prices industrial goods private services rising 
steeply companies built profits disinflationary process 
continue price competitiveness lastingly compatible exchange 
rate stability essential wage restraint continue

=== Dokument 501===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Mitchell Hutchins Asset Management York investment firm 
subsidiary PaineWebber Group raised voting stake Shaer Shoe 
Corp shares pct shares pct filing Securities Exchange 
Commission Mitchell Hutchins bought shares Jan Feb prices 
ranging dlrs share voting control shares firm bought stake 
investment behalf clients discussions Shaer management 
disclose topic talks

=== Dokument 502===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Oracle Systems Corp plans register Securities Exchange 
Commission offer mln share common stock shares mln shares 
woll sold company shares sold shareholders Oracle announced 
stock split mln shares outstanding offering

=== Dokument 503===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net Revs mln mln mths Shr cts cts Net Revs mln 
mln

=== Dokument 504===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Cousins Furnishings mln dlr working capital credit Lloyds 
Bank PLC Los Angeles branch credit supported guarantee 
company Canadian affiliate Brick Warehouse receive dlrs 
worth company stock credit expires July pay dlr working 
capital loan company owes Wells Farg Bank

=== Dokument 505===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr profit cts profit cts Net profit profit Revs Year Shr 
profit cts loss cts Net profit loss Revs mln

=== Dokument 506===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Rexnord redeem preferred stock purchase rights cts effective 
today Rexnord rights redeemed expected shares tendered 
January takeover offer Banner Acquisition rights trade 
tandem Rexnord common stock

=== Dokument 507===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Groupe Cantrex plans merge wholly owned subsidiary merger 
agreement CAP Appliance Purchasers Woodstock Ontario group 
appliance electronics retailers CAP shareholders receive 
preferred Groupe Cantrex shares entitling holders receive 
dlrs share equivilant class subordinate voting Cantrex 
shares merger effective April subject shareholder approval

=== Dokument 508===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
affiliated investment firms investment funds control raised 
combined stake LDBrinkman Corp shares pct total outstanding 
shares pct filing Securities Exchange Commission Fidelity 
International Bermuda based firm funds bought LDBrinkman 
common shares Jan Feb prices ranging dlrs share Funds 
controlled FMR Corp Boston based investment firm affiliated 
Fidelity hold shares bringing combined total shares Fidelity

=== Dokument 509===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Hartford Insurance Group unit York based ITT Corp higher 
worldwide premiums boost net income fourth quarter mln dlrs 
net income mln dlrs quarter year Hartford earned mln dlrs 
mln dlrs Hartford year aided gain mln dlrs sale remaining 
pct stake Abbey Life Group company posted gain mln dlrs sale 
pct Abbey Life Hartford total property casualty life health 
written premiums rose pct billion dlrs billion dlrs

=== Dokument 510===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
federal Securities Exchange Commission securities laws 
violations connection unsuccessful bid Hollywood producer 
Burt Sugarman TRE Corp attorneys contacted investigators 
takeeover attempt unit Sugarman Giant Group point held pct 
stake TRE effort Jefferies Group Los Angeles investment 
banking firm sold option portion shares Sugarman eventually 
acquired addition company controlled Sugarman raised mln 
dlrs debt offering underwritten Drexel Burnham Lambert 
Jefferies portion proceeds buy TRE stock Finally Reliance 
Group Holdings acquired pct TRE SEEC filing attorneys asked 
identified investigating Sugarman firms TRE holdings working 
disclosing cooperation required federal securities laws 
attorney probers examining Sugarman Drexel adequate 
disclosures intended usage proceeds prospectus mln dlr bond 
offering TRE spokesman confirmed TRE December unit Aluminum 
America contacted investigators cooperating probe spokesman 
TRE Chairman Leopold Wyler interviewed probers Jefferies 
spokesman asked months informal probe spokesman Jefferies 
cooperated agency heard time knowledge Jefferies target 
formal investigation connection TRE bid Drexel spokesman 
acknowledged firm underwritten debt offering Sugarman TRE 
matter policy routinely declines comment enforcement 
activities

=== Dokument 511===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
week White House shake increased odds Federal Reserve Board 
chairman Paul Volcker symbol strength government reeling 
arms Iran scandal serve term sources close Fed decision 
appointment filled August White House Volcker mind White 
House Chief Staff Donald Regan resigned week Howard Baker 
named replacement implacably opposed Volcker undermine open 
secret Washington Regan ensure Volcker appointed President 
Carter offered term President Reagan Volcker key allies 
Reagan administration George Bush Treasury Secretary James 
Baker Regan maneuvering bay sources Sources close 
administration Regan leaked story shot administration Beryl 
Sprinkel chairman council economic advisers chosen replace 
Volcker administration credibility increasingly clear Regan 
power bring wane sources White House Chief Staff Howard 
Baker good relationship namesake Treasury Department respect 
views Fed chairmanship moderate Republican Baker share wing 
opposition Volcker White House strength source asked 
possibility Volcker reappointment Paul Volcker deeply 
respected financial markets United time stability dollar 
viability major debtor nations question Volcker departure 
undermine leadership foreign exchange analysts officials 
Volcker works closely Treasury Secretary Baker issues 
international debt global economic cooperation men differ 
deregulate banking industry statements Volcker liberal 
attitude deregulation signalled politically independent 
central bank coming partially Treasury position statement 
Reagan administration official men eye eye dollar indication 
Baker support Fed chairman Baker understood played key role 
Volcker reappointment Fed sources Baker respects Volcker 
appointed Treasury Secretary February decided ensure good 
working relationship believed key government economic 
institutions work closely Regan Treasury Secretary President 
Reagan term head Wall Street largest brokerage firm Merrill 
Lynch Washington determined America economic spokesman 
developed deep antipathy Volcker political skills undermined 
ambition financial markets sources Volcker invited stay 
president stay asked Stephen Axilrod staff director monetary 
policy Fed Nikko Securities International list potential 
candidates awe inspiring Volcker left Augsut leave 
inexperienced Fed Boards years analysts lack collective 
experience sitting members appointed years dangerous coming 
time global economy threatened instability experienced 
successor necessity mentioned possibility Secretary George 
Shultz experience Treasury Secretary Preesident Nixon 
background trained economist ideal Shultz damaged arms Iran 
scandal Manuel Johnson regarded years young job potential 
candidates include economist Alan Greenspan frequently 
informal presidential economic adviser York Fed President 
Gerald Corrigan Federal Deposit Insurance Corp chairman 
William Seidman Sprinkel Long Regan protege Sprinkel chances 
damaged patron departure White House

=== Dokument 512===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
February volume Chicago Board Trade CBT declined pct year 
month contracts exchange steady rate climate reduced volume 
active contract Treasury bond futures pct year contracts 
trading agricultural futures contracts increased month led 
oats corn futures Oats volume tripled contracts corn volume 
increased pct contracts Wheat soybean oil futures activity 
rose year soybean soybean oil volume slipped exchange Major 
Market futures increased activity pct month contracts 
changing hands

=== Dokument 513===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
Canadian seafarers strike spring refusal meet rollbacks 
wages benefits asked employers Seafarers International Union 
official Roman Gralewicz percent guarantee strike Gralewicz 
interview union represents workers Great Lakes Canada East 
West coasts Contract talks broke January conciliator 
appointed settle dispute current contract expires March 
seafarers employers reduction crew levels union cost jobs

=== Dokument 514===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:


=== Dokument 515===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Oper shr loss cts profit cts Oper net loss pofit Revs mln 
mln mths Oper shr profit cts profit cts Oper net profit 
profit Revs mln mln Note Oper net excludes loss discontinued 
operations dlrs cts share year qtr dlrs dlrs share year mths

=== Dokument 516===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Contracting future construction work declined pct January 
annualized rate billion dlrs report industry report Dodge 
Division McGraw Hill Systems pct reversal nonbuilding 
construction responsible month setback December higher level 
Residential building eased pct January contracts commercial 
industrial institutional buildings rebounded report 
Nonbuilding construction soared annualized rate billion dlrs 
December year major electric power plant started fell pct 
billion Dodge contracting highway bridge construction 
advanced pct January funding construction dry Congress fails 
Federal highway program runs carryover spending authority 
Nonresidential buildings edged pct January annualized rate 
billion Contracting institutional structures schools health 
facilities reason gain report Residential building valued 
billion dlrs January decrease pct December seasonally 
adjusted rate report stated demand strong single family 
units supported falling mortgage rates buildings high demand 
result tax reform report

=== Dokument 517===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtr ended Jan Shr dlrs dlrs Net mln mln Revs mln mln Avg 
shrs mln mln mths Shr dlrs dlrs Net mln mln Revs billion 
billion Avg shrs mln mln Note Shr avg shrs data split

=== Dokument 518===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Calny filed suit PepsiCo La Petite Boulangerie unit Calny 
holds La Petite Boulangerie franchises alleges PepsiCo 
breached agreements Calny failing support franchises number 
ways company alleges PepsiCo La Petite Boulangerie fiduciary 
responsibilities Calny longstanding relationship Calny Taco 
Bell PepsiCo subsidiary Calny operates Taco Bell restaurants 
Calny Pepsico misrepresented readiness La Petite Boulangerie 
expand San Francisco misrepresented costs involved operating 
restaurants

=== Dokument 519===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Braniff load factor precentage seats filled pct February pct 
month year Braniff traffic month rose pct mln revenue 
passenger miles mln year revenue passenger mile paying 
passenger flown mile airline capacity February pct mln seat 
miles mln Year load factor pct pct traffic mln revenue 
passenger miles mln capacity mln seat miles mln

=== Dokument 520===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Kentucky Central Life Insurance declared dividend cts share 
payable March shareholders record March dividend equal 
company previous payout

=== Dokument 521===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Qtly div cts cts prior Pay April Record March

=== Dokument 522===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
Japan seasonally adjusted unemployment rate rose record pct 
January worst Government started compiling unemployment 
statistics current previous record pct December government 
Management Coordination Agency Unemployment pct year earlier 
Unadjusted January unemployment totalled mln people mln 
December mln year earlier Male unemployment January remained 
pct equal worst level set December Record male unemployement 
pct set July Female unemployment January remained pct equal 
record level marked April August September December year 
January record pct unemployment rate stemmed loss jobs 
manufacturing industries export firms yen continuing 
appreciation dollar officials Employment manufacturing 
industries fell year earlier mln including mln employed 
textile industry year earlier mln transport industries 
carmakers shipbuilders

=== Dokument 523===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
President Reagan nominee director Central Intelligence 
Agency CIA Robert Gates withdrew consideration Senate face 
long battle confirmation withdrawal announced White House 
news conference Reagan Chief Staff Howard Baker President 
accepted great regret Gates deputy head CIA questioned CIA 
involvement Iran contra scandal leading senators warned 
nomination trouble Baker Gates remain deputy director spy 
agency

=== Dokument 524===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
President Reagan approval rating fell Tower Commission 
criticised handling Iran arms scandal York Times CBS poll 
poll pct surveyed thought lying remember approved original 
arms sales Iran pct thought telling truth poll pct surveyed 
approved Reagan handling job pct disapproved approval rating 
lowest January pct approved Reagan job

=== Dokument 525===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
expected purchases Boeing General Electric amounting billion 
dlrs York Times paper quoted unnamed industry sources 
American buy wide bodied planes Airbus wide bodies Boeing 
engines GE American split order Airbus Boeing prices 
conditions engines worth mln dlrs

=== Dokument 526===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Net mln dlrs mln Shr cents Final div announced July final 
cents making Sales revenue billion billion Investment income 
mln mln Shrs mln mln NOTE Net tax mln dlrs mln mln mln 
depreciation mln mln net extraordinary loss mln profit mln

=== Dokument 527===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Net profit mln dlrs loss mln Net equity accounted accounted 
net mln dlrs loss mln shr profit cents loss Final div 
announced July final cent Sales billion billion income mln 
mln Shrs mln NOTE Net tax paid mln dlrs credit mln mln mln 
depreciation mln mln minorities mln loss net net 
extraordinary loss mln nil Extraordinaries comprise exchange 
losses mln provision Goldendale smelter closure costs mln 
increase future tax provision mln

=== Dokument 528===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
Japan unemployment rate expected continue climb pct year 
January pct record senior economists including Susumu 
Taketomi Industrial Bank Japan December pct previous worst 
level government Management Coordination Agency began 
compiling statistics current general fear country high 
unemployment Takashi Kiuchi senior economist Long Term 
Credit Bank Japan government published January unemployment 
figures today predictions forecast unemployment rate year 
difficult foresee situation improving Labour Ministry 
official Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa government 
expected increase set money people jobs fiscal April Prime 
Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone told press conference record rate 
underlines pass budget held opposition proposed tax reforms 
yen surge caused layoffs mainstay steel shipbuilding 
industries export dependent industries cars textiles laid 
time employees ceased hiring economists growing service 
industry sector absorbed great number workers trend starting 
slow Koichi Tsukihara Deputy General Manager Sumitomo Bank 
economics department economists disagreed service sector 
hire workers longer needed manufacturing sector years 
economists service sector grow government stimulates 
domestic demand program transform economy exports Japanese 
unemployment rates industrialised nations methods 
calculating statistics difficult compare economists warned 
pct figure translate high figure European methods economist 
January increase jobless year earlier aged Sumitomo 
Tsukihara

=== Dokument 529===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Shr Div making profit mln stg mln Turnover mln mln Tax mln 
mln Finance charges mln mln Minority mln mln Extraordinary 
debit closure restructuring costs mln mln Operating profit 
includes Pharmaceutical mln mln Scientific equipment mln mln 
Horticulture mln mln Note company plans capitalisation

=== Dokument 530===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Fisons Plc strong international growth main feature group 
progress pharmaceutical division reporting pct increase 
Sales period rise sustained marketing programme larger sales 
force introduction aerosol form Intal drug pushed Sales pct 
company commenting profits rising mln stg mln result market 
forecasts shares eased falling market GMT Fisons potential 
future growth Intral Opticrom Nasalcrom products strong 
performance scientific equipment business raised proportion 
high technology products manufactures raised ability 
generate higher margins horticulture operations demonstrated 
outstanding marketing ability Underlying cash flow 
operations positive programme capital investment Action 
protect group foreign currency movements small net gain 
profits

=== Dokument 531===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Trade Department refer Consolidated Goldfields Plc purchase 
Monopolies Commission Cons Gold month unit agreed buy Ohio 
based company dlrs share cash mln dlrs deal recommended 
Aggregates board

=== Dokument 532===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
NV Nederlandse Gasunie issuing mln dlr eurobond April paying 
pct priced pct lead manager Citicorp Investment Bank bond 
denominations dlrs listed Luxembourg selling concession pct 
management underwriting combined pays pct payment April

=== Dokument 533===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Saab Scania AB issuing mln dlr eurobond April paying pct 
priced pct lead manager Morgan Guaranty bond denominations 
dlrs listed London Payment April Fees comprise pct selling 
concession pct management underwriting combined listing 
London

=== Dokument 534===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Merrill Lynch Capital Markets received mandate Industrial 
Equity IEL Australia arrange letter credit facility support 
mln dlrs medium term notes Commercial paper sold Domestic 
market Merrill dealer medium term notes commercial paper 
facility kind Sumitomo Trust Banking agreed provide letter 
credit letter credit year term evergreen feature allowing 
extension support banks option notes paper issued IEL Sydney 
based subsidiary IEL Finance letter credit underwritten 
group banks paid basis point facility fee basis point 
utilisation fee IEL pct owned Brierley Investments Zealand 
Merrill Lynch

=== Dokument 535===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
Japan major commercial banks plan set joint company transfer 
assets acquired lending developing countries build reserve 
bad loans senior official major bank told

=== Dokument 536===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
Federation Bankers Associations Japan released proposal 
early creation comprehensive financial futures market Tokyo 
market include comprehensive range futures options trading 
Tokyo develop real global money centre variety risk hedging 
instruments proposal provide currency rate futures 
incorporate existing yen bond futures planned stock futures 
contracts proposal transactions contracts conducted market 
participants engage arbitrage financial instruments proposal 
calls legislation administer futures options transactions 
legal framework Banking sources expect initially currency 
futures dollar yen futures include Japanese domestic yen 
certificates deposit month Eurodollar deposits year Treasury 
bonds Banking sources quoted federation chairman Yoshiro 
Araki hoped market created promote liberalisation Japan 
financial markets Araki intention limiting prospective 
market participants banks accept wider business circles 
sources Japan current financial futures market yen bonds 
began Tokyo Stock Exchange October Osaka Stock Exchange 
plans start futures trading basket leading stocks April

=== Dokument 537===
Miejsce: france
Treść:
European Community EC Euratom European atomic energy agency 
expected issue French franc eurobonds month Treasury 
spokesman eurofranc bonds month include issues bank company 
unidentified details spokesman March calendar flexible 
account market conditions

=== Dokument 538===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Bank England forecast shortage mln stg money market today 
main factors liquidity bills maturing official hands 
treasury bills drain mln stg bankers balnces target mln stg 
Partly offsetting outflows exchequer transactions fall note 
circulation add mln stg mln stg

=== Dokument 539===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Early dollar straight eurobond trade quiet currency sectors 
eurosterling continuing perform closely reflecting current 
trading patterns foreign exchanges dealers Eurosterling 
bonds continued rise steadily bolstered extremely ebullient 
tone Government bond market combination positive Economic 
fundamentals dollar initially stabler dollar straight bonds 
static dull trade handful issues signs weakness dealers 
investors awaiting today release Leading indicators January 
Data afternoon expected weak placing Unit renewed pressure 
robbing market dollar denominated eurobonds fresh trading 
impetus dollar straight trader tedious day money 
Eurosterling issues continued rally general sterling 
euphoria Currency trading month highs rate optimism strength 
domestic equity markets Eurosterling bonds early gains point 
eurosterling dealers bonds fall marginally expected 
professionals stepped profits current healthy levels Trade 
mark denominated bonds expected subdued today carnival 
festivities West Germany signs reawakened investor nerves 
trade floating rate note market yesterday started week 
extremely quietly hectic sell week FRN dealers paper 
Canadian banks pressure result press reports focussing 
exposure Latin American debt Brazilian Finance Minister 
Dilson Funaro visit Europe brought spotlight debt crisis 
quietened shock statements week FRN specialist dearth 
activity dollar straight secondary market dollar issues 
early features primary market year mln dlr deal launched 
Morgan Guaranty Saab Scania pct priced pct issue mln dlr 
deal NV Nederlandse Gasunie paying pct priced pct Citicorp 
Investment Bank lead manager Dealers predicted reasonable 
demand issues lack fresh good paper market

=== Dokument 540===
Miejsce: france
Treść:
French Treasury issue billion francs worth tap stock 
depending market conditions monthly tender Thursday Bank 
France planned issue fixed rate tranches pct June pct 
December stock tranche variable rate January stock minimum 
tranche sold billion francs

=== Dokument 541===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Government broker supplies mln stg issue pct Treasury linked 
stock exhausted early trading Government bond market morning 
Bank England Bank issue longer operating tap supplied price 
stg pct morning issue undersubscribed tender February 
Government broker supplied amounts stock number occasions 
small quantity remaining authorities hands sold small upturn 
demand early today

=== Dokument 542===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Shr profit loss Div making nil Turnover billion stg billion 
Pretax profit mln mln loss Tax mln nil Operating profit mln 
mln investment income mln mln Exceptional debit mln mln 
Minorities mln mln Extraordinary credit mln mln debit 
Operating profit includes International computers mln mln 
Communications systems mln mln Components distribution mln 
mln Defence mln mln

=== Dokument 543===
Miejsce: west-germany
Treść:
Bundesbank change credit policies central bank council 
meeting Thursday exchange rates short term rates stabilized 
weeks money market dealers Attention money market focused 
tomorrow tender securities repurchase pact funds credited 
Thursday earlier pact expires draining billion marks tender 
announced Friday carnival festivities closed banks 
Duesseldorf yesterday close banks afternoon disruption 
business carnival minimum reserve figures start month 
unrealistic making difficult banks assess tender Dealers 
Bundesbank inject liquidity week pact short term rates 
uncertainty banks current holdings Bundesbank allocate 
billion marks week week tender surprised Bundesbank cuts 
billion marks dealer stock tender clearer earlier pact 
expires week draining billion marks Banks face heavy 
temporary drain month major tax deadline customers Banks 
held billion marks February Bundesbank averaging billion 
month clear billion February reserve requirement money 
traded today pct yesterday

=== Dokument 544===
Miejsce: france
Treść:
European Community EC issuing mln franc pct bond April pct 
lead manager Banque Nationale Paris Fees total pct pct 
selling pct management underwriting combined Payment April 
denominations francs listing Luxembourg Paris

=== Dokument 545===
Miejsce: france
Treść:
French domestic bond issuing committee approved issues 
totalling billion francs Credit Lyonnais lead manage billion 
franc issue Caisse Centrale Credit Cooperatif Banque 
Francaise lead Union Garantie Placement mln franc issue 
account Caisse Centrale des Banques Populaires lead mln 
issue Groupement des Industries pour le Batiment Travaux 
Publics details

=== Dokument 546===
Miejsce: west-germany
Treść:
Degussa AG combining foreign domestic pharmaceutical 
activities Frankfurt based promote business sector company 
Group consolidated turnover Degussa pharmaceuticals sector 
rose mln marks September mln marks preceding year company 
Turnover pharmaceutical interests including minority 
holdings mln marks higher preceding year company disclose 
exact sector spokesman

=== Dokument 547===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Britain gold currency reserves underlying rise mln dlrs 
February mln dlrs rise January Treasury underlying trend 
guide Bank England operations support pound foreign 
exchanges net borrowings repayments market expectations mln 
dlrs rise Treasury Bank England opportunity strong demand 
rebuild reserves losses autumn underlying rise modest Actual 
reserves rose mln dlrs February billion dlrs rising mln 
January billion Accruals borrowings exchange cover scheme 
mln dlrs month mln January repayments mln dlrs previous mln 
Treasury spokesman Capital repayments totalled mln dlrs 
January capital repayments totalled mln dlrs valuation 
change fall mln dlrs quarterly rollover European Monetary 
Cooperation Fund swap Treasury comment Bank England market 
operations currency traders reported moderate Bank England 
intervention curb upward pressure pound today Treasury 
spokesman commenting reserves figures government sterling 
rise fall current levels Chancellor Exchequer Nigel Lawson 
stressed Paris currencies meeting

=== Dokument 548===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Ultramar Plc reached agreement principle sell wholly owned 
Marketing companies Kuwait Petroleum Corp mln stg Ultramar 
marketing units include profit mln stg financing group 
administration charges small loss recorded months sale place 
April proceeds intended reduce group debt short term 
Ultramar funds ultimately development core businesses North 
America

=== Dokument 549===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
agree terms bid Woolworth Holdings Plc talks companies 
holding exploratory discussions spokesman company terms 
agreed possibility bid abandoned week Underwoods shares rose 
announcement talks announcement today brought night close 
Woolworth unchanged

=== Dokument 550===
Miejsce: west-germany
Treść:
Bundesbank change credit policies central bank council 
meeting Thursday exchange rates short term rates stabilized 
weeks money market dealers Attention money market focused 
tomorrow tender securities repurchase pact funds credited 
Thursday earlier pact expires draining billion marks tender 
announced Friday carnival festivities closed banks 
Duesseldorf yesterday close banks afternoon disruption 
business carnival minimum reserve figures start month 
unrealistic making difficult banks assess tender Dealers 
Bundesbank inject liquidity week pact short term rates 
uncertainty banks current holdings Bundesbank allocate 
billion marks week week tender surprised Bundesbank cuts 
billion marks dealer stock tender clearer earlier pact 
expires week draining billion marks Banks face heavy 
temporary drain month major tax deadline customers Banks 
held billion marks February Bundesbank averaging billion 
month clear billion February reserve requirement money 
traded today pct yesterday

=== Dokument 551===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Bank England revised forecast shortage money market today 
mln stg initial estimate mln

=== Dokument 552===
Miejsce: france
Treść:
European Community EC Euratom European atomic energy agency 
expected issue French franc eurobonds month Treasury 
spokesman eurofranc bonds month include issues bank company 
unidentified details spokesman March calendar flexible 
account market conditions

=== Dokument 553===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Bank England mln stg money market morning session compares 
bank upward revised shortage forecast mln stg central bank 
purchased bank bills outright comprising mln stg band pct 
mln stg band pct

=== Dokument 554===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
coupon mln dlr equity warrant bond deal Mitsubishi Estate 
cut pct pct initially Nikko Securities Europe lead manager 
deal Exercise price warrants fixed yen representing pct 
premium latest Tokyo close adjusted free share issue month 
Foreign exchange yen dlr payment deal March

=== Dokument 555===
Miejsce: japan
Treść:
Japan unemployment rate expected continue climb pct year 
January pct record senior economists including Susumu 
Taketomi Industrial Bank Japan December pct previous worst 
level government Management Coordination Agency began 
compiling statistics current general fear country high 
unemployment Takashi Kiuchi senior economist Long Term 
Credit Bank Japan government published January unemployment 
figures today predictions forecast unemployment rate year 
difficult foresee situation improving Labour Ministry 
official Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa government 
expected increase set money people jobs fiscal April Prime 
Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone told press conference record rate 
underlines pass budget held opposition proposed tax reforms 
yen surge caused layoffs mainstay steel shipbuilding 
industries export dependent industries cars textiles laid 
time employees ceased hiring economists growing service 
industry sector absorbed great number workers trend starting 
slow Koichi Tsukihara Deputy General Manager Sumitomo Bank 
economics department economists disagreed service sector 
hire workers longer needed manufacturing sector years

=== Dokument 556===
Miejsce: west-germany
Treść:
Daimler Benz AG car production fall cars day foreseeable 
future works councils continue refuse approve firm requests 
employees work overtime company spokesman works council 
Daimler Unterturkheim plant axles components Daimler cars 
withheld approval overtime month IG Metall metalworkers 
union Baden Wuerttemberg called works councils reject 
overtime bid industry employ workers Daimler spokesman lack 
overtime work Unterturkheim plant eventually affect car 
output plants unable occur spokesman Ing Porsche AG located 
Baden Wuerttemberg Porsche suffer loss production ban 
overtime works councils strike IG Metall Baden Wuerttemberg 
closed German car industry weeks union sought win hour 
working week members settled reduction working week hours 
spokesman Daimler total output cars day

=== Dokument 557===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
paid cash consideration mln dlrs pct Oil gas exploration 
production company Bryson board number investments expand 
company interests believes opportunity acquire investment 
Cenergy suitable extension existing Interests Cenergy 
reported net loss mln dlrs months September total 
stockholders equity mln dlrs

=== Dokument 558===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
President Reagan approval rating fell Tower Commission 
criticised handling Iran arms scandal York Times CBS poll 
poll pct surveyed thought lying remember approved original 
arms sales Iran pct thought telling truth poll pct surveyed 
approved Reagan handling job pct disapproved approval rating 
lowest January pct approved Reagan job

=== Dokument 559===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
week White House shake increased odds Federal Reserve Board 
chairman Paul Volcker symbol strength government reeling 
arms Iran scandal serve term sources close Fed decision 
appointment filled August White House Volcker mind White 
House Chief Staff Donald Regan resigned week Howard Baker 
named replacement implacably opposed Volcker undermine open 
secret Washington Regan ensure Volcker appointed President 
Carter offered term President Reagan Volcker key allies 
Reagan administration George Bush Treasury Secretary James 
Baker Regan maneuvering bay sources Sources close 
administration Regan leaked story shot administration Beryl 
Sprinkel chairman council economic advisers chosen replace 
Volcker administration credibility increasingly clear Regan 
power bring wane sources White House Chief Staff Howard 
Baker good relationship namesake Treasury Department respect 
views Fed chairmanship moderate Republican Baker share wing 
opposition Volcker White House strength source asked 
possibility Volcker reappointment Paul Volcker deeply 
respected financial markets United time stability dollar 
viability major debtor nations question Volcker departure 
undermine leadership foreign exchange analysts officials 
Volcker works closely Treasury Secretary Baker issues 
international debt global economic cooperation men differ 
deregulate banking industry statements Volcker liberal 
attitude deregulation signalled politically independent 
central bank coming partially Treasury position statement 
Reagan administration official men eye eye dollar indication 
Baker support Fed chairman Baker understood played key role 
Volcker reappointment Fed sources Baker respects Volcker 
appointed Treasury Secretary February decided ensure good 
working relationship believed key government economic 
institutions work closely Regan Treasury Secretary President 
Reagan term head Wall Street largest brokerage firm Merrill 
Lynch Washington determined America economic spokesman 
developed deep antipathy Volcker political skills undermined 
ambition financial markets sources Volcker invited stay 
president stay asked Stephen Axilrod staff director monetary 
policy Fed Nikko Securities International list potential 
candidates awe inspiring Volcker left Augsut leave 
inexperienced Fed Boards years analysts lack collective 
experience sitting members appointed years dangerous coming 
time global economy threatened instability experienced 
successor necessity mentioned possibility Secretary George 
Shultz experience Treasury Secretary Preesident Nixon 
background trained economist ideal Shultz damaged arms Iran 
scandal Manuel Johnson regarded years young job potential 
candidates include economist Alan Greenspan frequently 
informal presidential economic adviser York Fed President 
Gerald Corrigan Federal Deposit Insurance Corp chairman 
William Seidman Sprinkel Long Regan protege Sprinkel chances 
damaged patron departure White House

=== Dokument 560===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
General Motors Corp changed method disbursing merit raises 
salaried employees reducing size merit raise pool pct total 
salaries pct year company spokesman GM longer include merit 
raises calculation base pay simply lump sum payments result 
merit raises included calculation pensions benefits change 
salaried workers Canada GM year eliminated cost living 
increases salaried workers making pay increases based merit 
result action GM effectively frozen base pay rates salaried 
employees spokesman GM making change remain cost competitive 
automakers GM thje midst program cut employment salaried 
workers pct

=== Dokument 561===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Legal Services signed letter intent receive financing 
company proposed transaction loan mln dlrs loan balance 
convertible time party common stock dlrs share addition 
grant year option purchase shares price option enable 
acquire pct share common expiration option long maintained 
mutually agreeable combined loss expense ratio request 
exercise option meet funding company requested buy shares 
chairman Harland Stoneciphjer dlrs Stonecipher owns acquire 
shares agree restrictions sale remaining shares company 
saiod Stonecipher remain chairman transactions subject 
approval boards comnpanies regulatory agencies

=== Dokument 562===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr cts cts Net mln Revs mln mln Avg shrs mln mln Year Shr 
dlrs cts Net mln mln Revs mln mln Avg shrs mln mln NOTE 
Share adjusted January split

=== Dokument 563===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
AMR Corp hold press conference morning York EST company 
spokesman comment subject press conference confirm published 
reports AMR today billion dlr purchase aircraft engines York 
Times report AMR expected purchase widebodied longrange 
Boeing choice General Electric supply engines craft engine 
order worth mln dlrs Airbus plane order worth billion dlrs 
Boeing order mln dlrs report

=== Dokument 564===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Unilever Plc NV group improved performance sectors Anglo 
Dutch group statement good progress year acquisition 
Chesebrough Pond addition greatly benefit group years 
Earlier Unilever reported combined fourth quarter profit mln 
stg level year earlier period making billion stg compared 
mln year Unilever plans change depreciation policy 
conventional practice depreciating assets individually 
depreciating fixed assets average rates method expected lead 
reduction accumulated provision depreciation increase net 
book tangible asssets mln stg January Unilever Plc shares 
yesterday buoyant response share split proposal profits 
market forecasts dealers

=== Dokument 565===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
leading indicators fell seasonally adjusted pct January 
revised pct December gain Commerce Department department 
rose pct December decline January biggest month July fell 
pct January decrease left base led fall contracts orders 
plant equipment total indicators January contributed decline 
contracts orders plant equipment building permits 
manufacturers orders consumer goods change sensitive 
materials prices slower deliveries vendors higher average 
weekly claims unemployment insurance indicators positive 
including stock prices business formation average work week 
money supply main factor December upward revision business 
formation revision pct increase leading indicators November 
coincident indicators measures current economy fell pct 
January increases pct December pct November lagging 
indicators measures economic activity rose pct January 
decrease pct December increase pct November

=== Dokument 566===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Jan Shr dlrs dlrs Net mln mln Revs mln mln

=== Dokument 567===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
AMR Corp American Airlines buy long range jet aircraft 
support international expansion including routes Caribbean 
agreement airline acquire Boeing planes separate agreement 
American acquire aircraft European consortium company 
announcement included order Published reports aircraft order 
including engines billion dlrs total General Electric 
engines involved orders American Airlines published reports 
valued engines mln dlrs company acquire planes engines 
rental leases terminated short notice arrangement airline 
acquire planes adding debt explained Boeing delivered 
February October routes Europe American Airbus scheduled 
delivery April June assigned Caribbean American developed 
major hub San Juan Puerto Rico

=== Dokument 568===
Miejsce: west-germany
Treść:
pct owned autoparts maker set joint venture Thomson CSF 
France produce liquid crystal displays statment held pct 
company called Eurodisplay Thomson CSF remaining pct Thomson 
owns remaining pct VDO Luftfahrtgeraete companies agreed 
pool development construction assembly systems vehicles 
aircraft General Electric Company

=== Dokument 569===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Equatorial Communications expects report losses mln dlrs 
fourth quarter mln dlrs year revenues mln dlrs quarter mln 
dlrs year Equatorial losses include charge mln dlrs costs 
restructuring business including adjustments reflect market 
transponders owned leased Equatorial reserves inventory 
receivables excess facilities Equatorial fourth quarter 
operating include restructuring costs dlrs addition mln dlr 
charge Equitorial March operating technical default lease 
transponders Galaxy III satellite inabiliuty maintain agreed 
financial ratios talks lessors attempt restructure lease 
obligations Equitorial default oblitations connection 
purchase lease transponders result provisions Equatorial 
signed memorandum understanding Contel Corp purchase mln 
dlrs Equatorial master earth stations micro earth stations 
equipment loan Equatorial mln dlrs month period repayment 
starting December company Conteol agreement assume portion 
Equatorial rights obligations Galaxy III transponder lease 
occurrence events Equatorial grant Contel option buy common 
shares dlrs Equatorial understandings Contel subject 
Equatorial ability restructure portion obligations 
concessions lenders lessors Galaxy III transponder lease 
hopes finalize Contel agreement April Equatorial earned dlrs 
dlr gain early debt retirement revenues mln dlrs months 
company lost dlrs revenues mln dlrs compared dlr profit 
early retirement gain revenues mln dlrs

=== Dokument 570===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Shr dlrs dlrs Net mln mln Sales billion billion Avg shrs mln 
mln Year Shr dlrs dlrs Net mln mln Sales billion billion Avg 
shrs mln mln NOTE Share data restated reflect stock split

=== Dokument 571===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
General Motors Corp told employees reducing funds merit 
raises salaried workers GM wide ranging steps cut costs 
letter cut raises pct payroll pct letter raises annual lump 
sum payment April folded salaries increasing base benefit 
payments

=== Dokument 572===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Marketing refining arm British Petroleum Plc raised pretax 
operating profit replacement cost basis mln stg calendar 
compared mln stg Sales operating revenue fell billion stg 
billion replacement cost basis Historical cost operating 
profit mln stg mln BP Oil profits depressed exceptional 
items profit figures stated charges Chief executive David 
Kendall improved mirrored benefits restructuring program 
undertaken years warned future financial pressure industry 
severe Oil marketing refining industry invest larger sums 
mln stg year good years statement

=== Dokument 573===
Miejsce: canada
Treść:
finance department announced billion dlr bond issue dated 
March delivered March priced pct bonds July price pct todmpB 
pct maturity pct bonds March price pct yield pct maturity 
pct bonds March price pct yield pct maturity pct bonds June 
price pct yield pct maturity maturity issued maximum mln 
dlrs Bank Canada buy mln dlrs issue including minimum mln 
dlrs maturity

=== Dokument 574===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
York Sarich Technologies Trust York Health Management 
Associates York

=== Dokument 575===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Firstcorp weill report tax gain dlrs cts share primary cts 
fully diluted proposed condemnation acquisition parking deck 
operates Wake County company reinvested proceeds property 
months gain sale deferred tax purposes

=== Dokument 576===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Ashton Tate intends file offering mln shares days proceeds 
working capital general corporate purposes including 
acquisition businesses additional technology Ashton Tate mln 
shares outstanding

=== Dokument 577===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
KeyCorp filed Securities Exchange Commission offering mln 
dlrs subordinated capital notes March company anticipated 
notes offered week underwriters led Boston Proceeds general 
corporate purposes including acquisition scheduled July 
KeyCorp

=== Dokument 578===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Oper shr cts cts Oper net Revs mln mln Year Oper shr dlrs 
cts Oper net Revs mln mln Note qtr excludes extraordinary 
gain dlrs cts share extraordinary loss dlrs shr nil qtr Note 
continued year excludes extraordinary gain dlrs cts share 
extraordinary gain dlrs cts share prior year

=== Dokument 579===
Miejsce: uk
Treść:
Bank England revised forecast shortage money market mln stg 
account morning operations noon bank estimated shortfall mln 
stg

=== Dokument 580===
Miejsce: usa
Treść:
Viacom International raised offer Viacom publicly held stock 
company special committee board plans meet today offer 
submitted March spokeswoman unable committee met planned 
yesterday Viacom National Amusements Arsenal Holdings 
subsidiary raised cash offering Viacom share cts dlrs 
fraction share exchangeable Arsenal Holdings preferred 
included raised cts dlrs National Amusements owns pct Viacom 
stock

